Books	by	Fern	Michaels
	
Fate	&	Fortune	
Sweet	Vengeance	
Holly	and	Ivy	
Fancy	Dancer	
No	Safe	Secret	
Wishes	for	Christmas	
About	Face	
Perfect	Match	
A	Family	Affair	
Forget	Me	Not	
The	Blossom	Sisters	
Balancing	Act	
Tuesday’s	Child	
Betrayal	
Southern	Comfort	
To	Taste	the	Wine	
Sins	of	the	Flesh	
Sins	of	Omission	
Return	to	Sender	
Mr.	and	Miss	
Anonymous	
Up	Close	and	Personal	
Fool	Me	Once	
Picture	Perfect	
The	Future	Scrolls	
Kentucky	Sunrise	
Kentucky	Heat	
Kentucky	Rich	
Plain	Jane	
Charming	Lily	
What	You	Wish	For	
The	Guest	List	
Listen	to	Your	Heart	
Celebration	
Yesterday	
Finders	Keepers	
Annie’s	Rainbow	
Sara’s	Song	
Vegas	Sunrise	
Vegas	Heat	
Vegas	Rich	
Whitefire	
Wish	List	

Dear	Emily	
Christmas	at	
Timberwoods
	
The	Sisterhood	Novels	
Need	to	Know	
Crash	and	Burn	
Point	Blank	
In	Plain	Sight	
Eyes	Only	
Kiss	and	Tell	
Blindsided	
Gotcha!	
Home	Free	
Déjà	Vu	
Cross	Roads	
Game	Over	
Deadly	Deals	
Vanishing	Act	
Razor	Sharp	
Under	the	Radar	
Final	Justice	
Collateral	Damage	
Fast	Track	
Hokus	Pokus	
Hide	and	Seek	
Free	Fall	
Lethal	Justice	
Sweet	Revenge	
The	Jury	
Vendetta	
Payback	
Weekend	Warriors
	
The	Men	of	the	
Sisterhood	Novels	
Truth	or	Dare	
High	Stakes	
Fast	and	Loose	
Double	Down
	
The	Godmothers	Series	
Getaway	(E-Novella	

Exclusive)	
Spirited	Away	
(E-Novella	Exclusive)	
Hideaway	(E-Novella	
Exclusive)	
Classified	
Breaking	News	
Deadline	
Late	Edition	
Exclusive	
The	Scoop
	
E-Book	Exclusives	
Desperate	Measures	
Seasons	of	Her	Life	
To	Have	and	To	Hold	
Serendipity	
Captive	Innocence	
Captive	Embraces	
Captive	Passions	
Captive	Secrets	
Captive	Splendors	
Cinders	to	Satin	
For	All	Their	Lives	
Texas	Heat	
Texas	Rich	
Texas	Fury	
Texas	Sunrise
	
Anthologies	
Mistletoe	Magic	
Winter	Wishes	
The	Most	Wonderful	
Time	
When	the	Snow	Falls	
Secret	Santa	
A	Winter	Wonderland	
I’ll	Be	Home	for	
Christmas	
Making	Spirits	Bright	
Holiday	Magic	
Snow	Angels	
Silver	Bells	
Comfort	and	Joy	

Sugar	and	Spice	
Let	It	Snow	
A	Gift	of	Joy	
Five	Golden	Rings	
Deck	the	Halls	
Jingle	All	the	Way
	
	
Published	by	Kensington	Publishing	Corporation

FERN	MICHAELS
TRUTH	OR	DARE

ZEBRA	BOOKS	
KENSINGTON	PUBLISHING	CORP.	
http://www.kensingtonbooks.com

All	copyrighted	material	within	is	Attributor	Protected.

Table	of	Contents
Also	by
Title	Page
Copyright	Page
Dedication
Prologue
Chapter	One
Chapter	Two
Chapter	Three
Chapter	Four
Chapter	Five
Chapter	Six
Chapter	Seven
Chapter	Eight
Chapter	Nine
Chapter	Ten
Chapter	Eleven
Chapter	Twelve
Chapter	Thirteen
Chapter	Fourteen
Chapter	Fifteen
Chapter	Sixteen
Chapter	Seventeen
Chapter	Eighteen
Chapter	Nineteen
Epilogue

Teaser	chapter
ABOUT	THE	AUTHOR

ZEBRA	BOOKS	are	published	by
	
Kensington	Publishing	Corp.	
119	West	40th	Street	
New	York,	NY	10018
	
Copyright	©	2018	by	Fern	Michaels
	
Fern	Michaels	is	a	registered	trademark	of	KAP	5,	Inc.
	
This	book	is	a	work	of	fiction.	Names,	characters,	places,	and	incidents	either	are	products
of	the	author’s	imagination	or	are	used	fictitiously.	Any	resemblance	to	actual	events	or
locales	or	persons	living	or	dead	is	entirely	coincidental.
	
All	rights	reserved.	No	part	of	this	book	may	be	reproduced	in	any	form	or	by	any	means
without	the	prior	written	consent	of	the	Publisher,	excepting	brief	quotes	used	in	reviews.
	
To	the	extent	that	the	image	or	images	on	the	cover	of	this	book	depict	a	person	or
persons,	such	person	or	persons	are	merely	models,	and	are	not	intended	to	portray	any
character	or	characters	featured	in	the	book.
	
If	you	purchased	this	book	without	a	cover	you	should	be	aware	that	this	book	is	stolen
property.	It	was	reported	as	“unsold	and	destroyed”	to	the	Publisher	and	neither	the	Author
nor	the	Publisher	has	received	any	payment	for	this	“stripped	book.”
	
Zebra	and	the	Z	logo	Reg.	U.S.	Pat.	&	TM	Off.
	
First	Zebra	Books	Mass-Market	Paperback	Printing:	July	2018
ISBN:	978-1-4201-4071-2
	
eISBN-13:	978-1-4201-4072-9	
eISBN-10:	1-4201-4072-8

I	would	like	to	dedicate	this	book	to	the	memory	of	the	real	Demetri	Pappas.
	
Rest	in	peace,	Demetri	Pappas,	rest	in	peace.

Prologue

It	 was	 an	 enormous	 truck.	 White	 in	 color,	 with	 brilliant	 decals	 of	 fruit	 and	 vegetables
stenciled	over	the	wide	side	panels.	In	the	center	of	the	panel	was	large,	vivid	red	lettering
proclaiming	 that	 the	 truck	 was	 owned	 by	 B.	 M.	 Produce;	 then	 in	 smaller	 letters	 it	 read,
“Fresh	 produce	 today	 and	 every	 day.”	 At	 the	 very	 bottom,	 at	 the	 back	 end	 of	 the	 huge
truck	was	ID	for	the	company’s	business	license.
There	 were	 four	 such	 trucks	 in	 the	 United	 States.	 One	 in	 Charleston,	 South	 Carolina;
one	in	Falls	Church,	Virginia;	one	in	Denver,	Colorado;	and	one	in	San	Diego,	California.
The	company	also	owned	twenty-four	other	trucks	the	size	of	a	school	minibus.	Six	each
were	 allocated	 to	 the	 four	 geographical	 areas	 of	 the	 company	 that	 housed	 the	 bigger
trucks.
The	 four	 large	 trucks	 were	 used	 for	 transporting	 produce.	 The	 twenty-four	 smaller
trucks	 were	 used	 for	 promotional	 purposes	 to	 ensure	 that	 B.	 M.	 Produce	 became	 a
household	name.	The	only	thing	the	smaller	trucks	did	was	roam	the	streets	and	towns	so
that	people	would	see	the	trucks	with	the	colorful	decals	and	come	to	recognize	the	name
of	the	company.	The	trucks	patrolled	the	areas	from	six	in	the	morning	till	eight	o’clock	at
night.
The	drivers	were	paid	well	for	doing	the	cushy	job.
B.	 M.	 Produce	 had	 been	 in	 business	 for	 seventeen	 years.	 To	 date,	 each	 and	 every
employee	 had	 been	 hired	 seventeen	 years	 ago,	 when	 the	 company	 started.	 Not	 one
employee	had	left	the	company,	and	no	new	ones	had	been	hired.
The	 main	 headquarters	 for	 B.	 M.	 Produce	 was	 in	 San	 Diego,	 California,	 where	 the
company	was	run	by	a	man	named	Ortiz	Ozay.	He	set	up	the	driving	schedules	for	the	four
big	main	trucks.	He	was	the	man	responsible	for	the	intricate	locking	mechanisms	on	the
rear	doors	of	each	truck	for	special	deliveries	so	that	not	even	the	drivers	could	open	the
doors.
The	 drivers	 called	 Ozay	 the	 traveling	 man	 because	 once	 a	 month,	 like	 clockwork,	 he
would	 visit	 the	 other	 three	 locations	 to	 check	 on	 how	 things	 were	 going.	 At	 least	 that’s
what	they	were	told.
In	 order	 to	 work,	 and	 keep	 working,	 for	 B.	 M.	 Produce	 each	 employee	 had	 to	 agree
never	to	ask	questions	and	to	mind	their	own	business	and	also	agree	not	to	talk	to	anyone
about	the	company.
The	employees	agreed	because	who	was	interested	in	hearing	about	a	load	of	overripe
melons,	stinky	cabbage,	and	rotting	lettuce?
None	of	the	employees	had	ever	seen	the	inside	of	the	trucks	they	drove.	If	they	had,
they	would	have	seen	benches	anchored	to	the	floor	and	piles	and	piles	of	sleeping	bags.
They	would	have	gagged	at	the	sharp	ammonia	smell	of	urine	and	the	fetid	odor	of	human
feces.
Because	 …	 B.	 M.	 Produce	 wasn’t	 really	 in	 the	 business	 of	 transporting	 fruits	 and
vegetables	at	all.

B.	M.	Produce	was	in	the	business	of	trafficking	little	blond-haired	ten-year-old	girls.

Chapter	One

Demetri	 Pappas,	 doctor	 of	 veterinary	 medicine,	 dropped	 to	 his	 haunches	 to	 stare	 at	 his
patient.	There	was	a	protocol	to	these	visits	that	both	doctor	and	patient	adhered	to	every
six	 months.	 The	 doctor	 spoke	 in	 Greek	 first,	 then	 back	 in	 English	 to	 see	 if	 his	 patient
remembered	his	earlier	teachings	before	having	gone	to	live	with	Jack	Emery.
Cyrus	yipped,	then	yipped	again.
“Fetch	me	the	tennis	ball.	When	you	bring	it	to	me,	drop	it	into	my	hand.”	It	was	all
said	in	Greek.	Cyrus	rose	to	his	feet,	all	160	magnificent	pounds	of	pure	dog.	He	raced	to
the	end	of	the	room,	pawed	through	the	toys,	and	found	the	tennis	ball,	not	the	red	plastic
ball,	not	the	yellow	rubber	ball	but	the	green	tennis	ball,	and	then	carried	it	in	his	mouth
back	to	where	Dr.	Pappas	waited.	He	dropped	the	ball	into	his	hands,	offered	up	another
yip,	and	smacked	his	paw	into	the	doctor’s	open	palm.	He	waited	for	the	praise	he	knew
was	coming.	No	treat,	however;	Dr.	Pappas	was	stingy	with	his	treats,	and	Cyrus	knew	it.
“Well	done,	Cyrus.	That	was	our	last	test.	And	you	passed	each	one.	Jack	is	going	to	be
very	proud	of	you.	Go	along,	Cyrus,	you	have	ten	minutes	to	visit	your	old	friends	out	in
the	yard.	Ten	minutes.”	This	order	was	also	given	in	rapid-fire	Greek.	Cyrus	trotted	off,
allowing	the	doctor	to	home	in	on	Joseph	Espinosa,	who	was	watching	the	scene	play	out
in	dumbfound	amazement.
“Cyrus	understands	Greek?”	He	might	as	well	have	said,	“Cyrus	just	returned	from	the
moon,”	by	the	expression	on	his	face.
“But	 of	 course.	 All	 my	 dogs	 understand	 my	 language.	 Every	 animal	 I	 breed	 is
extraordinary,	 as	 you	 can	 see	 by	 Cyrus.	 His	 intelligence	 is	 superior	 to	 that	 of	 some
humans.	His	stamina	is	equal	to	that	of	several	men.	He	knows	right	from	wrong.	He	is
loyal	to	me	and	to	his	master,	in	this	case,	Jack	Emery.	He	would	and	will	kill	for	either
one	of	us	if	he	sensed	our	lives	were	in	danger.	He	understands	that	children	need	to	be
protected	at	all	times,	at	all	costs.	Cyrus	graduated	canine	school	at	the	top	of	his	class	of
five.”
“Uh-huh,”	was	all	Espinosa	could	think	of	to	say.
“So,	tell	me,	Mr.	Espinosa,	how	is	Jack	and	why	did	you	bring	Cyrus	today?”
“Root	canal.	Jack	had	already	canceled	it	twice,	and	the	doctor	told	him	no	more,	and
the	tooth	was	bothering	him.	Jack	said	he	called	to	clear	it	with	you.”
“Yes,	 my	 assistant	 took	 the	 call.	 My	 checkups	 are	 mandatory,	 and	 I	 suffer	 no
cancelations.	Jack	knows	this,	and	that	is	why	you’re	here.	In	other	words,	Mr.	Espinosa,	I
run	a	tight	ship.”
“Uh-huh,”	Espinosa	said	again.
Espinosa	watched	as	the	doctor	took	a	beef-flavored	stick	from	a	jar	on	the	counter	and
slipped	it	into	a	plastic	sleeve	that	he	then	placed	in	the	cylinder	that	was	Cyrus’s	report.	A
ritual.	The	doctor	looked	down	at	his	watch	just	as	Cyrus	sauntered	through	the	door.	He
looked	around,	then	trotted	over	to	the	doctor,	and	waited	for	the	doctor	to	tie	the	cylinder
to	his	collar.

“Do	not	remove	this	cylinder,	Mr.	Espinosa.	That	is	for	Jack	to	do.	It’s	part	of	our	ritual.
In	addition	to	my	warning,	be	advised	that	if	you	were	to	try	to	take	off	the	cylinder	Cyrus
would	take	off	your	hand.”
“Uh-huh,”	Espinosa	said.
“This	visit	is	now	over.	Cyrus,	it	was	lovely	seeing	you	again.	We’ll	meet	again	in	six
months.	Take	care	of	your	master	and	anyone	else	who	needs	your	help.	Let’s	have	a	hug,
and	then	you	can	be	on	your	way.”
Espinosa	watched	as	Cyrus	stood	on	his	hind	legs	and	wrapped	his	front	paws	around
the	roly-poly	doctor.	Then	he	nuzzled	the	man	under	the	chin.	He	let	loose	with	two	sharp
yips,	turned,	and	headed	for	the	door.	He	didn’t	look	back.	Espinosa	scurried	to	keep	up
with	the	prancing	dog.
Outside,	 the	 compound	 was	 quiet.	 Espinosa	 wondered	 how	 many	 dogs	 were	 housed
here.	He	asked	Cyrus,	not	expecting	an	answer.	Cyrus	barked	seven	times.	So	much	for
being	stupid.	Seven	dogs	at	fifty	grand	a	pop	was	some	serious	money.	He	could	hardly
wrap	 his	 mind	 around	 a	 dog,	 any	 dog,	 being	 worth	 fifty	 grand.	 Except	 maybe	 Cooper.
Cooper.	Don’t	go	there,	he	warned	himself.
Once	inside	the	shiny	black	Silverado,	Cyrus	settled	himself,	buckled	his	seat	belt,	and
went	to	sleep.
Espinosa	tooled	along	the	winding	country	road	that	would	take	him	back	to	the	District
and	 the	 BOLO	 Building,	 admiring	 the	 trees	 on	 either	 side	 bursting	 with	 fall	 color.	 Jack
would	be	waiting	to	pick	up	Cyrus,	he	let	his	mind	wander.	He	was	supposed	to	meet	up
with	Ted	and	Maggie	after	lunch	to	do	a	photo	shoot	with	some	gung	ho	new	congressman
who	 loved	 getting	 his	 picture	 in	 the	 papers.	 He	 hated	 puff	 assignments,	 as	 did	 Ted	 and
Maggie.	But	those	puff	assignments	paid	the	bills.
He	sniffed	and	smiled.	Alexis	had	used	his	truck	a	few	days	ago	to	pick	up	some	beauty
supplies,	and	the	scent	still	lingered.	He	liked	the	powdery	floral	scent,	whatever	it	was.
Lilacs,	maybe.	He	missed	Alexis,	and	she’d	only	been	gone	for	thirty-six	hours.	The	girls
were	on	a	mission	that,	according	to	Alexis,	was	so	hush-hush	she	couldn’t	even	tell	him
where	she	was	going,	much	less	tell	him	what	it	was	about.
Espinosa	looked	at	the	clock	on	the	dashboard.	He	had	made	good	time	on	the	way	out
to	 Reston	 and	 was	 making	 good	 time	 on	 his	 return.	 His	 thoughts	 turned	 to	 how	 pleased
Jack	was	going	to	be	with	Cyrus’s	stellar	report.
It	happened	all	at	once.	A	flash	out	of	the	corner	of	his	eye,	a	streak,	movement	of	some
kind.	 A	 deer?	 Cyrus’s	 bloodcurdling	 bark,	 the	 dog’s	 seat	 belt	 clicking	 open.	 Espinosa
almost	lost	control	of	the	Silverado.	He	took	his	foot	off	the	gas	pedal,	slowed,	and	steered
the	big	truck	to	the	shoulder	of	the	road.	Cyrus	pawed	the	window,	then	pressed	the	door
handle.	The	door	flew	open,	and	he	was	out	like	he’d	been	shot	from	a	cannon,	sprinting,
and	then	airborne	down	the	embankment.	He	was	lost	to	sight	before	Espinosa	even	got
out	of	the	truck.
Espinosa	plowed	through	the	brush,	and	before	he	knew	what	was	happening,	he	lost
his	footing	and	rolled	down	the	embankment,	Cyrus’s	ear-pounding	barks	almost	splitting
his	 eardrums.	 He	 shook	 his	 head	 to	 clear	 it	 and	 then	 did	 a	 mental	 check	 to	 see	 if	 he’d

broken	 or	 sprained	 anything.	 Other	 than	 a	 sore	 rear	 end,	 he	 thought	 he	 was	 okay.	 He
opened	his	eyes	wide,	not	sure	he	was	seeing	what	he	was	seeing	as	Cyrus	continued	to
bark	relentlessly.
Three	 little	 kids,	 filthy	 dirty	 in	 equally	 filthy	 dirty	 clothing,	 clustered	 together,	 their
frightened	 eyes	 on	 Cyrus.	 Espinosa	 swallowed	 hard.	 He	 came	 from	 a	 huge	 family	 of
eleven	siblings.	He	knew	a	thing	or	two	about	kids.	First	things	first.	“Cyrus,	shut	the	hell
up,	or	I’m	going	to	call	Dr.	Pappas.	I	see	them.	I	know	what	to	do.	Chill,	okay?”
Either	 the	 threat	 of	 calling	 the	 doctor	 or	 Espinosa’s	 calm	 tone	 or	 the	 big	 dog’s	 just
getting	 tired	 worked	 because	 he	 stopped	 barking.	 The	 fur	 on	 the	 nape	 of	 his	 neck	 stood
straight	 up,	 his	 ears	 went	 flat	 against	 his	 head	 just	 as	 his	 tail	 dropped	 between	 his	 legs.
Warrior	pose.
Espinosa	 struggled	 to	 take	 a	 deep	 breath,	 the	 doctor’s	 words	 ringing	 in	 his	 ears	 that
dogs	like	Cyrus	knew	to	protect	children.	Surely,	the	monster	dog	wouldn’t	turn	on	him.
Or	would	he?
“Like	 I	 said,	 Cyrus,	 I	 know	 what	 to	 do.	 Just	 let	 me	 do	 it,	 okay?”	 He	 waited.	 Cyrus
yipped	and	advanced	a	few	steps,	the	children	cowering	against	each	other.
“Okay,	 kids,	 listen	 up.	 My	 name	 is	 Joseph.	 This	 is	 Cyrus.	 He	 means	 you	 no	 harm.	 I
won’t	hurt	you.	How	did	you	get	here?	Are	you	lost?	Tell	me	where	you	live,	and	I’ll	take
you	 home.	 Are	 you	 hungry?”	 When	 there	 was	 no	 response	 to	 his	 questions,	 Espinosa
wondered	why	there	were	no	tears.	He	estimated	the	age	of	the	oldest	girl	going	by	how
tall	she	was	to	be	maybe	seven,	the	other	girl,	almost	as	tall,	six	or	so.	Maybe	they	were
twins.	The	little	guy	looked	to	be	four,	perhaps	five	years	old.	He	was	missing	a	shoe	and
a	sock.
Espinosa	tried	wheedling.	“Come	on,	tell	me	your	names	so	I	can	take	you	home.”	The
sudden	thought	that	maybe	they	didn’t	want	to	go	home	hit	him.	Maybe	they	had	run	away
from	abusive	parents.	He	corrected	that	thought.	These	kids,	from	what	he	could	see	by
the	layers	of	dirt	and	the	condition	of	their	clothes,	looked	to	have	been	on	the	run	for	a
while.	All	three	were	skinny	and	scrawny.	They	looked	alike.	Siblings.
Cyrus	barked.	Do	something	already.
Espinosa	pondered	the	situation.	How	was	he	going	to	get	all	three	kids	to	the	top	of	the
embankment	 without	 them	 cutting	 and	 running?	 Cyrus,	 of	 course.	 They	 were	 afraid	 of
him.	Cyrus	could	herd	them	to	the	top,	and	then	he	would	secure	them	in	the	backseat	of
the	 Silverado	 and	 head	 for	 the	 BOLO	 Building.	 He’d	 send	 out	 a	 call	 for	 an	 emergency
meeting.	A	dire	emergency	meeting.
“Okay,	listen	up,	everyone.	This	is	what	we’re	going	to	do.”	Espinosa	spoke	directly	at
Cyrus,	whom	he	knew	would	understand.	“You	herd	them	to	the	top	of	the	embankment.
You	watch,	and	I’ll	put	them	in	the	truck	one	by	one.	I’ll	call	Jack	and	the	others	to	meet
up	at	the	BOLO	Building,	and	we’ll	work	things	out	there.	Right	now,	these	kids	are	just
too	damn	scared	to	do	anything.	Let’s	do	it,	big	guy.”
Cyrus	barked.	At	last,	a	plan.
It	 took	 some	 doing,	 but	 they	 finally	 got	 the	 three	 kids	 into	 the	 back	 of	 the	 truck.	 All

three	were	crying	now	as	they	clung	to	one	another.	Cyrus	never	took	his	eyes	off	them,
even	for	a	second.
Espinosa	turned	on	the	engine,	then	called	the	team.	He	ended	each	call	with,	I’m	forty
minutes	 out.	 I	 repeat,	 this	 is	 a	 dire	 emergency.	 After	 he	 ended	 the	 last	 call,	 to	 Abner
Tookus,	he	put	the	truck	in	gear	and	headed	down	the	road.

Chapter	Two

Sir	 Charles	 Martin	 smacked	 his	 hands	 together	 before	 he	 scooped	 out	 a	 blend	 of	 his
special	rub	for	the	prime	rib	he	was	preparing	for	his	and	Ferg’s	dinner.	He	was	so	looking
forward	to	eating	it	hours	from	now	and	sharing	it	with	Fergus,	who	was	keeping	himself
busy	shelling	fresh	peas	from	the	garden.	“I	don’t	know	about	you,	Ferg,	but	I’m	starting
to	 feel	 like	 we’re	 bachelors	 again.	 I	 see	 more	 of	 you	 these	 days	 than	 I	 do	 of	 my	 wife.
That’s	not	necessarily	a	bad	thing,”	he	added	hastily.
“I	hear	you,	mate.	Anytime	you	have	enough	of	me,	just	let	me	know,	and	I’ll	head	on
down	the	road	to	rattle	around	alone	in	that	big	farmhouse.	Is	it	my	imagination,	or	are	the
girls	busier	than	we	are?	They	just	finished	a	mission,	they	graced	us	with	their	presence,
and	then	three	days	later	they	were	gone	again.	Ah,	don’t	pay	any	attention	to	me,	I	just
hate	not	having	anything	to	do.	Sometimes,	I	talk	to	myself	just	to	hear	my	own	voice.”
“Well,	the	garden	is	flourishing	under	your	care.	The	dogs	are	loving	that	we’re	here	all
day	and	giving	them	our	attention.	I’m	thinking	if	there	are	any	leftovers	from	dinner	I’d
fix	us	a	shepherd’s	pie	for	tomorrow’s	lunch.	What	do	you	think,	Ferg?”
“I	think	that	means	an	extra	hour	on	the	treadmill.”
“There	is	that,”	Charles	agreed	as	he	washed	and	dried	his	hands.	His	special	encrypted
phone	 took	 that	 moment	 to	 buzz	 like	 an	 angry	 bee.	 An	 incoming	 text.	 A	 second	 later,
Fergus’s	phone	gave	off	three	cheery	notes.	Both	men	looked	at	one	another.	Lady	reared
up	and	looked	at	both	men.
“It	would	appear	that	our	services	are	required	at	the	BOLO	Building.	Take	note,	Ferg,
of	the	word	dire.”
Fergus	 was	 already	 covering	 the	 bowl	 of	 emerald	 green	 peas	 he	 had	 just	 shelled	 and
putting	them	in	the	refrigerator.	He	held	the	door	open	so	Charles	could	slide	the	roasting
pan	holding	the	prime	rib	onto	the	big	shelf.
Preparing	dinner	early	in	the	morning	was	something	Charles	liked	to	do	so	that	when
nothing	else	was	pending	he	could	putz	around	with	his	memoirs,	the	very	ones	he	knew
he	would	never	publish.
Quick	as	a	wink,	the	kitchen	was	cleaned,	the	coffeepot	was	turned	off,	and	the	aprons
were	hung	on	the	door	of	the	pantry.	“Ten	minutes	to	change	our	shirts,	grab	our	gear,	and
call	Marcus	to	come	sit	the	dogs.	Hustle,	Ferg.”
Twelve	 minutes	 later,	 Charles	 backed	 the	 Land	 Rover	 from	 its	 parking	 space	 and
whizzed	through	the	open	gates.
“Feels	good	to	know	we’re	needed,	doesn’t	it,	Ferg?”
“I	have	to	admit	I	do	like	the	adrenaline	rush.	I	hope	everyone	can	make	it.”
“You	know	the	first	rule,	Fergus—we	drop	whatever	we’re	doing,	and	no	matter	where
we	are	we	show	up.	No	one	to	date	has	broken	that	rule.”
In	the	District,	Maggie	had	just	hung	her	backpack	over	the	back	of	her	chair	when	her
cell	phone	chirped	to	life.	She	looked	down	just	as	Ted	Robinson	fished	his	own	chirping

phone	out	of	his	pocket.
“Oh,	boy,	here	we	go!	Hey,	Caruso,	you’re	up!”	he	yelled	across	the	room.	“You	get	the
congressman	and	his	social-climbing	life.	Do	a	good	job.”	He	was	rewarded	with	a	loud
moan.
“Dire!	Did	you	see	that,	Ted?”	Maggie	whispered,	her	eyes	wide	in	anticipation	of	what
“dire”	 meant.	 “Do	 you	 think	 it	 has	 something	 to	 do	 with	 Cyrus?	 Oh,	 God,	 if	 something
happened	to	that	dog,	Jack	will	go	nuclear.”
“Not	Cyrus.	See	the	last	few	words.	Cyrus	is	fine.”
“I	missed	that.	Okay,	okay,	let’s	go.	Are	we	taking	the	van	or	your	car?”
“Caruso	needs	the	van.	We’ll	take	my	car.	Did	Dennis	check	in	this	morning?”
“Nope.	Haven’t	seen	him.	He	likes	to	go	to	Dings	before	coming	to	work.	If	he’s	there,
he’s	right	across	the	street	from	the	BOLO,	so	he’ll	beat	us	there.	What	are	you	waiting
for,	Ted?”	Maggie	called	out	on	her	way	to	the	elevator.
Ted	scrambled	to	his	feet.	“I’m	trying	to	come	to	terms	with	the	word	dire,”	he	muttered
to	himself.	“I	didn’t	know	Espinosa	even	knew	the	word.	What	the	hell	…”
“We’ll	know	soon	enough,”	Maggie	said,	punching	the	button	of	the	elevator	that	would
take	 them	 to	 the	 lower-level	 parking	 basement.	 “I’m	 excited.	 It’s	 been	 a	 while	 since	 we
had	a	case.	The	girls	are	busy	as	all	get	out.	They’re	off	right	now,	but	it	was	so	hush	hush
they	wouldn’t	even	tell	me.	Do	you	believe	that?”	she	asked,	outrage	ringing	in	her	voice.
Ted	 did	 believe	 it,	 but	 he	 wouldn’t	 admit	 it	 for	 all	 the	 tea	 in	 China.	 “Have	 you	 heard
from	Abner	lately?	I	called	him	yesterday	and	asked	him	to	meet	for	lunch,	but	he	said	he
was	up	to	his	eyeballs	in	something	to	do	with	some	black	ops	and	cybercrime	at	the	CIA.
That	stuff	is	all	Greek	to	me	anyway.	He	said	he	could	make	lunch	tomorrow.	Want	to	join
us?”
“Sure,	 why	 not.	 But	 only	 if	 we	 are	 not	 otherwise	 engaged.	 Remember	 the	 word	 dire,
Ted.”	Ted	nodded	to	show	he	understood	as	he	slipped	behind	the	wheel	of	his	BMW.	His
thoughts	turned	to	Dennis	and	wondering	whether	if	he	was	at	Dings	he	would	bring	some
bagels	to	the	meeting.	Ted	had	been	in	such	a	rush	this	morning	that	he	hadn’t	had	time	to
eat	his	usual	bowl	of	Cheerios.
As	a	matter	of	fact,	Dennis	West	was	at	Dings,	sitting	outside	at	his	favorite	bistro	table
and	 scarfing	 down	 a	 bacon,	 cheese,	 and	 egg	 sandwich	 on	 a	 bagel.	 This	 was	 his	 favorite
time	 of	 day,	 early	 morning,	 his	 favorite	 breakfast,	 and	 he	 got	 to	 spend	 some	 time	 doing
one	of	his	favorite	things,	people	watching.	Today	was	going	to	be	run	of	the	mill,	so	he
was	 in	 no	 hurry	 to	 head	 for	 the	 Post.	 For	 some	 reason,	 news	 was	 sparse	 in	 the	 summer
months.	Despite	the	pleasure	he	took	in	watching	people,	what	he	really	liked	was	action;
he	thrived	on	it.	What	he	liked	even	more	was	being	in	the	middle	of	said	action.
Dennis	finished	his	coffee	and	was	about	to	head	back	inside	for	a	refill	when	his	phone
announced	an	incoming	text.	He	read	it,	blinked,	then	read	it	again.	Holy	crap!	Action	was
about	to	go	down,	and	here	he	was,	sitting	just	across	the	street.	If	he	left	now,	he’d	be	the
first	 one	 to	 hit	 the	 BOLO	 Building.	 Or	 …	 he	 could	 refill	 his	 coffee	 and	 order	 a	 dozen
bagels	 to	 take	 with	 him	 the	 moment	 he	 saw	 the	 first	 member	 of	 the	 team	 arrive.	 Yeah,

yeah,	he	decided,	that’s	what	I’ll	do.
A	dire	emergency	meeting.	From	Joe	Espinosa.	Of	all	people.	Cyrus	was	fine.	What	did
that	mean?	He	got	up	and	headed	inside,	where	he	got	his	coffee	refill	and	a	dozen	bagels
in	a	sack	that	had	handles	on	it.	“Throw	in	some	strawberry	cream	cheese	and	butter,”	he
instructed,	knowing	how	much	Abner	loved	strawberry	cream	cheese.
At	the	same	moment	that	Dennis	was	thinking	about	Abner	Tookus	inside	Dings,	that
very	person	was	about	to	enter	a	secure	conference	room	at	the	CIA,	also	known	as	The
Farm.	Years	earlier,	he’d	been	recruited	by	the	head	man,	whose	real	name	he	still	did	not
know.	 Nor	 did	 he	 care.	 He	 had	 agreed	 to	 “help”	 for	 an	 outrageous	 sum	 of	 money	 with
several	 other	 caveats.	 He	 could	 wear	 whatever	 he	 wanted,	 he	 could	 work	 whenever	 he
wanted,	and	he	answered	to	no	one	save	himself	and	the	man	with	no	real	name.	The	last
condition	was	necessary	so	that	he	could	quit	or	walk	away	at	any	time	and	his	departure
would	not	come	with	any	reprisals.	Should	there	be	a	reprisal,	even	the	hint	of	one,	Abner
let	it	be	known	that	he	and	his	secret	band	of	hackers	would	cripple	the	infamous	agency.
So	far,	everything	had	worked	just	fine.
So	far.
*	*	*
Abner,	dressed	in	his	paint-stained	jeans	with	holes	in	the	knees	and	high-top	Keds	with
ragged	shoelaces,	stood	in	direct	contrast	to	the	men	in	Hugo	Boss	and	Brooks	Brothers
suits	sitting	around	the	table.	He	stood	in	the	open	doorway,	his	gaze	sweeping	the	room.
Today,	Abner	was	wearing	a	bright	red	T-shirt	that	said,	“EAT	GRASS,”	and	in	smaller
letters,	“YOU’LL	LIVE	LONGER.”	He	had	no	idea	if	eating	grass	would	let	a	person	live	longer
or	not.	He’d	purchased	the	shirt	off	a	street	vendor	for	fifty	cents,	knowing	he	had	gotten
one	 hell	 of	 a	 bargain.	 He	 wore	 a	 watch	 that	 was	 as	 big	 as	 a	 mini	 alarm	 clock	 that	 did
everything	but	tell	time.	Abner	loved	it	because	people	stared	at	it	wondering	what	it	was.
Every	so	often,	it	gave	off	a	few	earsplitting	notes	to	the	“Star	Spangled	Banner.”	Abner,
you	see,	had	a	wicked	sense	of	humor.
Abner	 turned	 the	 knob	 on	 the	 door	 and	 breezed	 through,	 waving	 airily	 at	 all	 the
buttoned-up	 suits	 sitting	 at	 a	 highly	 polished	 egg-shaped	 conference	 table.	 His	 boss,
whose	name	he	still	didn’t	know	or	want	to	know,	was	behind	him.
Abner	 figured	 the	 empty	 chair	 was	 for	 him.	 He	 plopped	 down,	 looked	 around	 at	 the
occupants,	and	said,	“Hit	me.”	Confusion	took	over.
Abner	sighed.	“Tell	me	how	I	can	help	you.	Why	are	we	here?	What	is	it	you	want	from
me?	Is	there	a	spokesperson	here,	or	am	I	supposed	to	guess	what	this	is	all	about?	Who
are	you,	anyway?”
“I	 don’t	 like	 your	 flip	 attitude,	 young	 man,	 nor	 your	 mode	 of	 dress,”	 a	 jowly,	 baldheaded	 man	 said.	 “This	 is	 the	 CIA!	 We’re	 authorized	 to	 be	 here	 and	 to	 ask	 questions.”
Abner	raised	his	eyebrows	but	said	nothing.
A	 man	 at	 the	 far	 end	 of	 the	 table,	 a	 man	 who	 could	 have	 passed	 for	 the	 jowly	 baldheaded	 man’s	 twin,	 shouted,	 “We’d	 like	 to	 see	 a	 report	 of	 some	 kind	 to	 justify	 the
exorbitant	amount	of	money	this	agency	is	paying	you.	You	aren’t	even	on	the	books.	And

we	want	to	know	exactly	what	it	is	you	do.”
“If	 I’m	 not	 on	 the	 books,	 that	 means	 I	 don’t	 exist.	 That	 would	 mean	 I’m	 a	 ghost.	 So
what	are	we	doing	here?	I	could	be	a	volunteer,	for	all	you	know.”	Abner	looked	around	at
the	well-fed,	extremely	well-dressed	men	with	their	gold	Rolexes.	If	there	was	one	thing
he	hated	more	than	broccoli	and	people	who	harmed	animals,	it	was	men	like	the	ones	he
was	looking	at.
“We	don’t	need	a	snow	job,	young	man.	And	you	would	be	wise	to	curb	your	tongue,”	a
skinny,	stringy	man	with	bulging	eyes	said.	“My	esteemed	colleague	asked	you	a	perfectly
legitimate	question,	so	please	answer	it	in	a	civil	manner.”
“You	need	to	take	that	up	with	someone	else.	What	I	do	here	is	confidential,	and	only
one	other	set	of	eyes	sees	it.”	Abner	leaned	forward,	hands	folded	on	the	shiny	table,	the
small	alarm-clock	watch	scratching	the	smooth	surface.	The	sound	was	loud	in	the	room.
“Do	any	of	you	sitting	at	this	table	know	anything	about	cybercrime	other	than	what	you
read	 or	 see	 on	 the	 news?	 Are	 any	 of	 you	 aware	 of	 the	 dark	 side	 of	 the	 Internet,	 the
underbelly	of	it?	That’s	where	I	live	and	dwell	to	keep	your	asses	safe	as	well	as	the	asses
of	your	assets	out	in	the	field.”	The	shocked	expressions	gave	Abner	his	answer.	“Do	you
know	what	malware	is?	If	I	told	you	my	computer	was	air-gapped,	would	you	know	what
it	 meant?	 Or	 how	 about	 algorithms?	 Do	 you	 know	 what	 they	 are?	 Broadband?”	 In	 his
eyes,	these	men	were	just	a	bunch	of	stuffed	suits	impressed	with	their	own	incompetence.
“Now	 see	 here,	 young	 fella	 …”	 a	 bewhiskered,	 white-haired	 gentleman	 started	 to
bluster.
This	is	going	nowhere	fast,	Abner	thought.	“Listen	up,	dudes,	and	try	this	on	for	size.
Tonight,	when	I	go	home,	all	I	have	to	do	is	log	onto	my	computer,	press	a	few	keys,	and	I
can	 wipe	 out	 your	 identities.	 Tomorrow	 morning,	 you’ll	 be	 shopping	 at	 Goodwill	 and
standing	in	line	at	a	soup	kitchen.	I	can	do	that.	Just	ask	the	gentleman	standing	behind
me.”
Abner	was	about	to	clarify	his	little	speech	when	his	cell	phone,	which	was	on	vibrate,
buzzed	in	the	pocket	of	his	ragged	jeans.	He	pulled	it	out,	looked	at	the	text	message,	and
stood	up.	“Meeting’s	over,	boys.	I	gotta	go!”
Abner’s	boss	snapped	to	attention.	“Wait!	You	can’t	leave	now!	This	meeting	has	been
on	the	books	for	months.	You	can’t	just	walk	out	of	here	with	no	explanation.”
“Yes,	I	can.	Watch	me	walk	out	the	door.	Read	my	contract!	The	one	that	doesn’t	exist.
I’m	a	ghost,	remember?”
The	clamor	in	the	room	rose	to	a	full	crescendo	as	Abner	pushed	back	his	chair.
“But	…	when	will	you	be	back?”	his	boss	asked.
“I	don’t	know.	Maybe	soon.	Maybe	never,”	Abner	called	over	his	shoulder.
“You’re	fired!”	someone	shouted	from	the	conference	room.
Abner	stopped	for	a	second.	“Now	you’re	sounding	like	Donald	Trump.	Try	this	on	for
size.	 I.	 Quit!	 See	 you	 at	 Goodwill.	 By	 the	 way,	 that’s	 where	 I	 bought	 the	 jeans	 I’m
wearing.”

As	he	walked	through	the	doorway,	Abner	muttered	to	himself,	“Sometimes	I	just	crack
myself	up.”
Man,	did	that	feel	good,	Abner	thought	as	he	raced	out	of	the	building	and	down	a	long
walkway	that	took	him	to	where	his	SUV	was	parked.	Dire.	“Dire”	meant	serious.	Deadly
serious	when	it	came	from	Joe	Espinosa.
The	clock	on	the	dashboard	said	it	was	8:20.
*	*	*
The	last	person	to	receive	Espinosa’s	text	was	Jack	Emery,	who	was	sitting	in	the	dental
chair	 in	 Bruno	 Sabatini’s	 office	 undergoing	 a	 root	 canal.	 Actually,	 it	 was	 his	 second
treatment,	which,	to	Dr.	Sabatini’s	dismay,	Jack	had	already	postponed	twice.
His	 mouth	 wide	 open,	 Jack	 was	 ripe	 for	 his	 good	 friend’s	 tirade	 about	 missed
appointments,	gum	disease,	toothless	people,	and	a	whole	host	of	other	horrible	things	that
were	going	to	go	wrong	because	Jack	kept	postponing	his	dental	appointments.
Long	 years	 of	 familiarity	 allowed	 both	 men	 to	 talk	 “guy	 talk”	 when	 no	 one	 else	 was
around.	Other	times,	Jack	showed	respect	to	the	doctor	and	vice	versa.
“I	love	it	when	I	have	you	at	my	mercy	and	you	can’t	do	a	damn	thing.	If	there	was	a
way	for	me	to	strap	you	into	this	chair,	I’d	do	it	in	a	heartbeat.	I	have	a	good	mind	to	yank
this	damn	tooth	right	out	of	your	mouth.	Like	right	now,	Jack.”
Jack	gurgled	something	that	sounded	like,	I’ll	kick	your	ass	all	the	way	to	the	Canadian
border	if	you	do	that.
Undeterred	 by	 the	 garbled	 threat,	 Dr.	 Sabatini	 turned	 to	 the	 counter	 for	 something	 he
needed.	Jack’s	encrypted	cell	phone	took	that	moment	to	vibrate	in	his	pocket.	Who	would
call	 him	 here?	 Everyone	 knew	 Dr.	 Sabatini	 didn’t	 abide	 phones	 in	 his	 office	 and	 was
known	 for	 snatching	 them	 up	 and	 putting	 them	 under	 lock	 and	 key.	 Many	 a	 patient	 had
learned	the	hard	way	that	even	begging	didn’t	help.	Rules	were	rules.
The	 moment	 Dr.	 Sabatini	 turned	 back	 toward	 him,	 Jack	 was	 reading	 Espinosa’s	 text.
Dire.	But	Cyrus	was	all	right.	What	the	hell.	Dr.	Sabatini	made	a	move	to	grab	the	phone.
Jack,	a	murderous	expression	on	his	face,	stiff-armed	the	dentist.	“Listen,	Bruno,	let’s
cut	 the	 shit	 here,”	 Jack	 said	 in	 a	 voice	 Dr.	 Sabatini	 had	 never	 heard	 before.	 “I	 have	 an
emergency.	 Do	 something	 to	 the	 tooth	 and	 do	 it	 quick.	 I	 have	 to	 leave.	 I’ll	 come	 back
tomorrow,	I	swear.”	He	ripped	at	the	paper	collar	around	his	neck	and	waited	for	whatever
magic	potion	Sabatini	was	going	to	put	on	the	tooth,	then	the	cap.
“Done.”
“Listen,	Bruno	…”
“Go!	I	get	it,	Jack.	What	I	just	did	for	you	is	temporary.	Get	back	here	tomorrow,	or	you
are	going	to	be	in	a	world	of	pain.	Are	you	listening	to	me?”
“Yeah.	See	you.”
In	the	waiting	room,	Harry	looked	up	from	a	dog-eared	copy	of	Field	and	Stream.	Why
he	was	even	looking	at	it	he	had	no	idea	since	he	didn’t	fish	or	hunt.	Jack	rushed	right	by

him.	“Did	you	get	the	text?”
“No.	The	sign	said	to	turn	off	all	phones.	You	know	me,	I	always	obey	the	rules.	What
text?”
“From	Espinosa.	We’re	to	meet	at	the	BOLO	Building.	He	said	it	was	dire.	Dire,	Harry.
It’s	not	Cyrus—he	said	he’s	fine.	Some	kind	of	dire	emergency.”
Harry	was	Jack’s	transportation	this	day,	which	meant	he’d	driven	him	on	his	Ducati.
He	unlocked	it,	settled	himself,	then	waited	for	Jack	to	do	the	same.	Then	he	drove,	hellbent	for	leather,	low	over	the	handlebars,	Jack’s	arms	wrapped	around	his	waist.
Seventeen	 minutes	 later,	 none	 the	 worse	 for	 wear,	 Harry	 slowed	 and	 approached	 the
massive	iron	gates	that	controlled	entry	to	the	alley	behind	the	BOLO	Building.	He	slid
off,	 hung	 up	 his	 helmet,	 and	 waited	 for	 Jack,	 who	 was	 staring	 down	 the	 alley	 at
something.	Harry	looked	to	see	what	was	so	interesting.	“Is	that	…	?”
“Sure	 as	 hell	 looks	 like	 it	 to	 me,”	 Jack	 mumbled,	 aware	 that	 his	 mouth	 was	 now
throbbing.
“But	how	…	?”
“Retina	scanner,”	was	Jack’s	response.
Harry	bent	close,	let	the	scanner	see	his	eye,	stepped	back	to	wait	for	the	hydraulics	to
open	 the	 door.	 He	 blinked,	 then	 blinked	 again	 at	 what	 he	 was	 seeing.	 Julie	 Wyatt	 and
Cooper	stared	back	at	him	and	Jack.	Cooper	barked	a	greeting.
“How	did	you	get	in	here?”	Jack	asked.
“Cooper	 let	 us	 in,”	 Julie	 said	 in	 a	 brittle	 voice.	 “He	 woke	 me	 up	 at	 two	 o’clock	 this
morning.	 He	 didn’t	 bark	 or	 touch	 me	 or	 anything	 like	 that.	 I	 just	 woke	 up,	 and	 he	 was
sitting	by	my	bed.	I	think	his	warm	breath	is	what	woke	me.	He	was	packed	and	ready	to
go,	his	gear	by	the	door.	I	…	I	was	going	to	get	dressed,	but	he	was	having	none	of	that,
and	he	herded	me	to	the	door.	I	didn’t	even	brush	my	teeth,	for	God’s	sake.	He	wanted	to
leave	 right	 then,	 that	 minute.	 In	 case	 you	 haven’t	 noticed,	 I’m	 still	 in	 my	 pajamas	 and
slippers.	 I	 drove	 all	 night.	 He	 knew	 exactly	 what	 to	 do	 when	 we	 got	 here.	 We	 were	 the
first	ones	here.	Others	are	back	in	the	offices	and	kitchens.	I	think	all	your	friends	are	here
except	Joseph	and	your	dog.”
She	 was	 breathless	 when	 she	 finished	 her	 spiel,	 her	 dark	 brown	 eyes	 full	 of	 fear.
“Something	around	here	is	wrong,	and	he	needs	to	be	here.	Did	you	hear	me?”	she	cried
shrilly.	“Needs	is	the	key	word.	Oh,	God,	I	am	never	going	to	understand	this	dog.	I	love
him,	but	I	don’t	understand	him.”	Fat	tears	rolled	down	her	cheeks.	She	swiped	at	them.
Jack	looked	at	Harry.
Harry	looked	at	Jack.
Both	men	stared	at	Julie	Wyatt,	who	was	still	dressed	in	her	pajamas	and	slippers	and
was	 wringing	 her	 hands,	 her	 bed	 hair	 all	 tousled.	 Her	 eyes	 were	 getting	 wilder	 by	 the
moment.
“I’m	going	home,”	she	said	in	the	same	brittle	voice.	“I	brought	him,	so	you	can	bring
him	home.	When	he’s	ready.	No	questions,	please.	I’m	out	of	here.”

Cooper	scampered	over	to	Julie,	who	bent	over	to	hug	the	strange,	mystical	dog	with
tears	in	her	eyes.	Cooper	licked	at	her	tears,	yipped	softly,	then	walked	her	to	the	door.	She
waved,	her	gait	unsteady.
“What	 the	 hell?”	 Jack	 said.	 He	 sat	 down	 on	 the	 floor,	 his	 back	 to	 the	 wall.	 Cooper
sauntered	 over	 and	 looked	 Jack	 straight	 in	 the	 eye.	 Not	 knowing	 what	 else	 to	 do,	 Jack
simply	nodded	as	he	ruffled	the	dog’s	ears.

Chapter	Three

The	team	eyeballed	Cooper,	who,	after	a	soft	whoop	by	way	of	a	greeting,	walked	over	to
the	 monster	 door	 and	 lay	 down.	 He	 closed	 his	 eyes,	 but	 everyone	 knew	 that	 the	 strange
dog	wasn’t	sleeping.
Cooper	was	waiting.
For	what,	no	one	knew.
Jack	massaged	his	throbbing	cheek.	When	Harry	handed	him	four	aspirin,	he	reached
for	them	greedily.	He	chewed	them	dry;	then	Harry	handed	him	a	green	leaf	of	some	sort
from	the	plastic	bag	he	always	carried	in	his	pocket.	Harry	was	a	health-food	nut.
“What	is	it?”	Jack	asked,	suspicion	ringing	in	his	voice.	Harry	ignored	the	question.
“Just	bite	down	on	it.	It	will	take	the	edge	off	the	pain.	You	need	to	head	back	to	the
dentist.	There	are	a	lot	of	hours	between	now	and	next	morning,	and	the	pain	will	just	get
worse.”
Jack	 nodded,	 knowing	 that	 Harry	 was	 right.	 Harry	 with	 the	 perfect	 teeth	 with	 nary	 a
cavity,	as	in	ever.	Sometimes	he	hated	Harry	and	his	glistening	pearly	whites.
“Does	anyone	have	a	clue	as	to	why	we’re	all	here?”	Fergus	asked.	“I	get	the	part	about
no	matter	where	we	are	or	what	we’re	doing,	we	drop	everything	if	a	call	goes	out	to	meet.
But	we’re	all	here	except	for	the	person	who	called	the	meeting.”	Cooper	yipped	to	show
he’d	heard	Fergus’s	last	comment.	Fergus	immediately	corrected	his	last	statement.	“And
one	 unexpected	 four-legged	 guest	 we’re	 always	 happy	 to	 see.”	 Cooper	 yipped	 again	 to
show	that	he	accepted	the	correction.
“Are	we	just	going	to	stand	here	in	the	hall	or	go	to	the	conference	room	and	talk	about
…	something?”	Abner	asked.
“You	got	something	to	say?”	Ted	asked.
“As	a	matter	of	fact,	I	do.	I	just	quit	my	job	at	the	CIA.”
A	chorus	of	“whys”	hit	the	air.
“I	hate	working	for	stupid,	buttoned-up	suits	who	can’t	find	their	ass	even	with	a	road
map	 and	 a	 flashlight.	 I	 was	 just	 about	 ready	 to	 walk	 out	 when	 Espinosa’s	 text	 came
through.”
“Wow!	What	are	you	going	to	do	now?”	Dennis	asked.
Abner	laughed.	“Count	my	money	and	tally	up	all	the	beachfront	properties	I	own.”	The
team	 laughed,	 knowing	 Abner’s	 penchant	 for	 buying	 up	 beachfront	 properties	 for	 his
future	retirement.	“And	I	plan	to	keep	my	eye	on	all	those	suits.	One	false	move	and	…”
He	flexed	his	fingers,	then	rolled	his	eyes	to	show	what	he	could	do	to	the	suits	if	they
came	 after	 him	 in	 any	 way.	 The	 team	 nodded.	 They	 understood	 perfectly	 what	 Abner
Tookus	was	capable	of	with	a	computer	and	his	magic	fingers.
Cooper	stirred.	Then	he	got	up	and	walked	to	the	door	just	as	the	red	light	over	the	door
turned	green.	The	hiss	of	the	hydraulics	sounded	like	a	thunderclap	in	the	quiet	building.

Eyes	bulged,	jaws	dropped	when	Cyrus	bounded	into	the	room,	the	cylinder	the	vet	had
attached	to	his	collar	swinging	back	and	forth	as	fast	as	his	tail.	He	started	to	bark,	loud,
then	 louder	 as	 Espinosa	 tried	 to	 herd	 the	 three	 squalling	 kids,	 who	 were	 dragging	 their
feet,	to	the	center	of	the	room.	Espinosa	himself	looked	like	he’d	just	gone	ten	rounds	with
Godzilla	and	lost	all	ten.
The	 group	 stared,	 shocked	 speechless	 at	 what	 they	 were	 seeing.	 Cyrus	 barked
relentlessly.	The	kids	wailed	louder	as	they	clung	to	one	another	as	if	their	lives	depended
on	one	another.	Jack’s	tooth	beat	like	a	bongo	drum.
Ted	let	loose	with	a	loud,	shrill	whistle	that	made	everyone	in	the	room	cringe.	Cyrus
howled,	and	the	kids	sobbed	and	shrieked	even	louder.
Cooper	moved.	First	to	Cyrus.	The	two	dogs	stared	at	one	another.	Cyrus	clamped	his
mouth	tight	and	stood	at	attention.	Cooper	walked	over	to	the	crying	children	and	looked
up	at	them.	He	pawed	first	one,	then	the	other,	and	finally	the	little	boy.	The	wailing	and
crying	stopped	immediately.
Espinosa	came	out	of	his	trance	and	started	to	babble.	“We	were	on	our	way	home,	and
I	caught	a	flash	of	something	out	of	the	corner	of	my	eye	on	the	side	of	the	road.	There
was	barely	any	traffic,	so	I	knew	it	was	something.	Cyrus	started	to	howl	and	unbuckled
his	 seat	 belt.	 I	 pulled	 to	 the	 shoulder,	 and	 you	 know	 Cyrus,	 he	 knows	 how	 to	 open	 the
door.	 He	 was	 out	 like	 he	 was	 shot	 from	 a	 cannon.	 He	 was	 over	 the	 rail	 and	 down	 the
ravine	before	I	could	turn	off	the	engine	and	get	out.	I	followed	him—actually	I	lost	my
footing	and	rolled	down	the	hill.”	He	pointed	to	the	kids	and	said,	“And	there	they	were!”
Maggie’s	 maternal	 instinct,	 which	 she	 had	 no	 idea	 she	 had,	 rose	 to	 the	 fore.	 She
swooped	 forward	 and	 gathered	 the	 trembling	 children	 close.	 “They’re	 so	 little.	 And	 so
dirty.	 We	 have	 to	 do	 something.	 Right	 now,	 they	 are	 scared	 out	 of	 their	 wits.	 You’re	 all
men!”	 she	 said,	 as	 if	 that	 explained	 the	 current	 circumstance.	 “Let’s	 all	 calm	 down.	 I’ll
take	them	to	the	bathroom	and	get	them	cleaned	up.	Dennis,	go	to	that	children’s	specialty
store	across	the	street	and	get	some	new	clothes	for	them.	Take	a	picture	of	them	for	the
size	before	you	go.	Shoes,	too.	The	place	is	a	specialty	children’s	boutique,	so	they’ll	have
everything.	It’s	where	the	rich	people	shop.	Buy	three	sets	of	everything	from	the	skin	out.
We	have	two	girls	here,	so	get	something	pretty.	Why	are	you	still	standing	here?	I	told
you	to	go!
“The	rest	of	you	do	something	constructive	like	maybe	calling	Dings	and	ordering	some
food	for	these	kids.	What!	What!	Do	I	have	to	do	everything?	Move	it,	people!”
The	 people	 moved,	 even	 the	 dogs,	 at	 Maggie’s	 tone.	 Cyrus	 followed	 Jack	 to	 the
conference	room,	as	did	the	others.	Cooper	followed	Maggie	and	the	kids	to	the	bathroom.
She	 heard	 Espinosa	 say	 the	 kids	 hadn’t	 said	 one	 word,	 so	 he	 had	 no	 clue	 if	 they	 were
runaways,	kidnap	victims,	or	simply	lost.
“Figures	it	would	be	up	to	me,”	Maggie	muttered	as	she	ushered	the	kids	down	the	hall
into	the	bathroom.	She	fixed	a	steely	eye	on	Cooper	and	said	in	a	voice	that	had	cowed
many	a	man,	“I	don’t	know	what	your	schtick	is,	but	it	had	better	be	good.	You’re	here,	so
that	means	you	want	to	help.	No	one	is	going	to	hurt	these	kids.	You	must	know	that,	or
you	wouldn’t	be	here.	I’m	running	with	that,	Cooper.	So,	start	doing	whatever	it	is	you	do,
and	let’s	get	this	show	on	the	road.	I	need	information.	The	reason	I	need	information	is

because	 I’m	 a	 reporter.	 We	 want	 to	 help,	 but	 we	 need	 to	 know	 who	 these	 kids	 are.	 You
can’t	talk,	so	it’s	up	to	them.”
Cooper	cocked	his	head	to	the	side	as	though	he	was	weighing	Maggie’s	words.	Then
he	circled	the	kids,	stopping	at	each	one	and	licking	dirty	hands	before	he	walked	over	to
the	linen	closet,	where	the	towels	were,	and	lay	down.
“Right!	Right!	I’m	on	my	own	here.	I	see	that.	Okay	then.	Listen	up,	kids,	we’re	going
to	get	cleaned	up	here.	Do	you	want	showers	or	a	bath?”
Cooper	barked	once.	A	gentle	bark.	“A	shower	please,”	the	older	girl	said.	“My	sister
likes	a	bath,	and	Andy	likes	a	shower.	I	can	take	him	in	with	me	and	wash	him	down.”
Maggie	 almost	 blacked	 out.	 She	 looked	 at	 Cooper	 and	 nodded	 her	 thanks.	 Don’t	 you
worry,	Mr.	Cooper,	I’m	going	to	figure	you	out	at	some	point.	Maggie	absolutely	believed
that	the	strange	dog	grinned	at	her.
“Good!	Good!”	Maggie	said	cheerfully	as	she	smacked	her	hands	together.	“By	the	time
we’re	 all	 finished	 in	 here,	 Dennis	 will	 be	 back	 with	 some	 nice	 new	 clean	 clothes	 and
shoes.	Then	we’re	going	to	get	you	something	to	eat.	Let’s	think	of	it	as	a	picnic	inside.
Okay,	then,”	she	said,	turning	on	the	tap	in	the	oversize	tub.	“I’m	going	to	sit	over	here	so
you	can	all	strip	down,	and	I	won’t	look.	Be	sure	to	clean	your	ears	good,	wash	your	hair
twice.	There	is	some	really	nice	shampoo	in	there	that’s	mine.	It	smells	like	strawberries.
Use	it	all	up,	I	don’t	care.	The	soap	smells	like	lilies.	When	you	get	out,	you’re	all	going
to	brush	your	teeth.	That’s	if	I	can	find	some	new	toothbrushes.”
Maggie	turned	off	the	tap	just	as	the	middle	sibling	stripped	off	the	last	of	her	clothes,
showing	no	modesty.	“Need	any	help?”	The	little	girl	shook	her	head.	In	what	she	hoped
was	a	motherly	sounding	voice,	Maggie	said,	“After	the	first	wash,	I’ll	let	the	water	out,
then	 fill	 the	 tub	 again.	 Do	 you	 want	 me	 to	 help	 you	 wash	 your	 hair?”	 The	 little	 girl
nodded.	Maggie	dived	right	in,	scrubbing	and	rubbing	and	rinsing.	She	blinked	at	the	dirt
filling	the	tub.	She	let	it	out	and	started	to	fill	it	again.	“I’m	thinking	maybe	we’re	going	to
need	three	tubs	full	of	water,”	she	said,	and	giggled.	“How	did	your	hair	get	so	dirty?”	she
asked	casually.
“We	slept	on	the	ground.	Carrie	tried	to	pick	all	the	leaves	and	sticks	out.”
Aha.	“So	your	sister’s	name	is	Carrie.	What’s	your	name?”
The	little	girl	looked	over	at	Cooper,	who	was	watching	her.	“Emily.”
“I	told	you	that	my	name	is	Maggie.	What’s	the	little	guy’s	name?”
“Andy.”
“Is	Andy	your	brother?”
“Uh-huh.”
“Okay,	your	hair	is	nice	and	clean	now.	You	start	washing,	and	I’m	going	to	look	for
some	toothbrushes.	Don’t	get	out	till	I	come	back,	okay?”	What	a	stupid	order	that	was.
Like	Cooper	was	going	to	let	that	happen.
Maggie	 beelined	 for	 the	 door	 and	 called	 to	 Ted,	 “Quick,	 I	 need	 toothbrushes	 and
toothpaste.	There	is	a	drugstore	two	doors	up	from	Dings.	I	know	their	names	now,	and

they’re	 brother	 and	 sisters.	 Cooper	 got	 them	 to	 cooperate.	 I	 need	 to	 know	 how	 he	 does
that,	Ted,”	she	said	fretfully.
“That’s	for	another	time.	Three	toothbrushes	coming	up.”	A	second	later,	he	was	gone.
Maggie	yelled	again,	“Hey!	Somebody!	I	need	a	trash	bag	to	put	the	kids’	clothes	in.”
Charles	appeared	out	of	nowhere,	a	large	black	plastic	bag	in	hand.	He	held	it	out.
“They’re	talking,	Charles.	Tell	the	others.	I	have	names	now.	Just	the	first	names,	but
it’s	a	start.	It	was	all	Cooper’s	doing.	Suddenly,	I	feel	like	a	mother.”
Charles	 smiled.	 “That’s	 a	 good	 thing.	 The	 children	 need	 a	 woman	 at	 their	 side	 right
now.	And	you	called	it	right	when	you	said	the	all-male	team	was	intimidating	them,	not
to	mention	Cyrus	and	Cooper.	That	dog	confounds	the	life	out	of	me.”
“Yeah,	me	too.	But	things	seem	to	work	for	the	better	when	he’s	around.	He	has	this	…
this	 …	 mystical	 way	 about	 him.	 He	 just	 looks	 at	 you,	 and	 you	 …	 you	 do	 what	 he’s
thinking.	Did	I	express	that	right,	Charles?”	Maggie	dithered.
“As	well	as	I	could,	my	dear.	I	think	we	should	just	accept	he’s	on	our	side	and	let	it	go
at	that.	I	know	that	goes	against	everything	you	as	a	reporter	live	and	breathe	by,	but	from
where	I’m	standing,	it	seems	to	be	the	way	to	go.”
Maggie	 nodded.	 “I	 need	 to	 get	 back	 in	 there.	 They	 seem	 like	 such	 sweet	 little	 kids.
Their	parents	must	be	worried	sick.	I	think	they’ve	been	on	the	run	for	a	while	from	the
condition	of	their	clothes,	especially	their	underwear.”
Charles	nodded.	“Food	is	on	the	way,	and	here	comes	Ted	with	the	toothbrushes.”
Ted	was	breathless	as	he	handed	over	the	drugstore	package.	“Dennis	is	on	the	way;	I
saw	him	coming	up	the	street.	He	has	two	helpers	from	the	store.	He	must	have	bought	it
out.”
Maggie	stood	on	her	tiptoes	and	kissed	Ted	on	the	cheek.	“Thanks,	honey.”	She	whirled
around	and	entered	the	bathroom.
Charles	grinned	from	ear	to	ear.	“Honey?”
Ted	laughed.	“When	was	the	last	time	someone	called	you	honey,	Charles?”
“The	truth	is,	Ted,	I	don’t	ever	recall	anyone	calling	me	honey.”	Both	men	were	smiling
when	they	made	their	way	inside	the	conference	room.
Back	in	the	BOLO’s	oversize	bathroom	with	the	heated	tile	floor,	the	children	huddled
in	 the	 thick,	 plush	 towels	 wrapped	 around	 them.	 Maggie	 made	 sure	 the	 towels	 were
secure,	then	towel	dried	their	hair	and	combed	it.	The	girls	had	curly	hair;	the	little	boy
had	a	wave	to	his.
“One	 at	 a	 time,	 brush	 your	 teeth.	 Three	 times.	 Each.	 Carrie,	 you	 go	 first,	 then	 Emily,
and	Andy	last.”	The	children	obeyed.	When	they	were	finished,	the	toothpaste	tube	was
empty.	 “Remember	 which	 one	 is	 yours	 for	 the	 next	 time,”	 Maggie	 said,	 lining	 the
toothbrushes	up	on	the	counter.
“You	said	the	next	time.	Are	we	staying	here?”	Carrie	asked	in	a	jittery	voice.	Cooper
barked.

“Just	for	a	little	while	until	we	figure	things	out.	First	we	have	to	get	you	dressed;	and
then	you	have	to	eat.	After	that,	we’re	all	going	to	talk	and	decide	what	to	do.”
A	 knock	 sounded	 on	 the	 door.	 It	 was	 Dennis,	 loaded	 down	 with	 shopping	 bags	 and
boxes	of	shoes.	“Do	you	need	any	help?	I	had	the	salesgirl	mark	the	bags	for	the	biggest
size,	the	middle	size,	and	then	the	little	boy’s.	I	can	help	with	the	boy.”
“Sure,	that	will	help.	What’s	this	bag?”
Dennis	flushed	bright	pink.	“It	was	some	stuff	on	the	counter,	you	know	how	they	put
stuff	 out	 that	 you	 didn’t	 mean	 to	 buy	 but	 you	 pick	 up	 at	 the	 last	 second.	 Hair	 ribbons,
barrettes,	some	bracelets,	and	a	key	chain	with	a	truck	on	it	for	the	little	guy.”
“They’ll	love	it.	Thanks,	Dennis.”	She	waited	as	Dennis	scooped	up	the	little	boy	under
one	arm	and	took	him	to	the	kitchen,	where	he	dressed	him	from	the	skin	out.	He	handed
him	 the	 key	 chain	 and	 smiled	 when	 the	 little	 boy’s	 eyes	 lit	 up.	 “I	 need	 a	 key.	 Thanks,
mister.”
“You’re	welcome.	And	I	think	I	have	a	key	right	here,”	Dennis	said,	removing	a	key	to
his	bike	rack	and	sliding	it	onto	the	key	chain.
The	team	sat	around	the	large	table	in	the	kitchen	while	they	waited	for	Maggie	and	the
kids.	Jack	massaged	his	aching	cheek	as	Cyrus	pawed	at	him.	“Ah,	jeez,	Cyrus,	I’m	sorry.
With	all	this	going	on,	I	forgot	about	your	checkup.”	He	unclipped	the	leather	cylinder	on
the	dog’s	collar	and	made	a	production	out	of	reading	it	aloud	to	everyone	in	the	room.
“A-1	 all	 the	 way!	 Nice	 going,	 big	 guy.	 And	 your	 retention	 of	 the	 Greek	 commands	 is
stellar!	And	…	,”	Jack	paused	dramatically,	“he	gave	you	a	gold	star!	That	makes	four	in	a
row.	We’ll	frame	this	when	we	get	back	to	the	farm	and	hang	it	up	with	the	other	three.
I’m	proud	of	you,	Cyrus!”	Jack	hugged	the	big	dog	close	and	whispered	in	his	ear.	Cyrus
danced	 away,	 his	 tail	 swinging	 so	 hard,	 the	 others	 thought	 of	 it	 as	 a	 weapon.	 “And	 a
special	thanks	from	all	of	us	for	finding	those	kids!”
Cyrus	made	the	rounds	getting	a	treat	from	everyone.	His	job	done,	he	took	his	place	on
the	carpet	in	front	of	the	stove.	He	dropped	his	head	onto	his	paws	and	closed	his	eyes.
The	 team	 sat	 silently,	 staring	 at	 the	 open	 doorway	 and	 willing	 Maggie	 to	 appear	 with
the	 kids.	 The	 front	 doorbell	 rang.	 Dings’	 food	 delivery.	 Dennis	 rushed	 to	 the	 door	 and
returned	 with	 two	 shopping	 bags	 full	 of	 Styrofoam	 containers.	 The	 bill	 stapled	 to	 the
shopping	 bags	 said	 there	 were	 scrambled	 eggs,	 sausage,	 toast	 points,	 jam,	 butter,	 fruit
bowls,	orange	juice,	and	milk.	In	another	bag	the	bill	said	there	were	pancakes,	waffles,
syrup,	butter,	and	crispy	bacon.
“Do	you	think	three	little	kids	can	eat	all	of	this?”	Dennis	asked	dubiously.
“Depends	on	how	long	it’s	been	since	they’ve	eaten.	Or	what	they’ve	eaten,”	Charles
said	just	as	Maggie	ushered	the	three	kids	into	the	kitchen.	The	gang	stared	at	the	kids	in
their	 clean	 new	 outfits,	 their	 faces	 shiny	 clean,	 the	 girls’	 hair	 tied	 into	 ponytails	 with
colorful	ribbons.
“Time	to	eat!”	Fergus	shouted.
Fergus	set	out	the	food	and	motioned	to	the	gang	to	head	on	out.

“You	kids	eat	all	you	want.	Cyrus	and	Cooper	will	stay	with	you.	When	you’re	finished,
they’ll	come	for	us	and	we’ll	all	have	a	nice	talk.	Okay?”	Charles	said.
Three	small	heads	bobbed	up	and	down,	their	eyes	on	the	feast	in	front	of	them.
“Andy	 isn’t	 real	 good	 with	 a	 fork	 yet.	 Is	 it	 okay	 if	 he	 uses	 his	 fingers?	 Manners	 are
important,	but	he	doesn’t	understand	that	yet,”	Carrie	said,	never	taking	her	eyes	off	the
food	in	front	of	her.
“Absolutely!	Today,	manners	do	not	count,”	Charles	said	as	he	walked	out	of	the	room.
In	the	conference	room,	the	gang	all	looked	at	one	another,	their	eyes	full	of	questions.
And	then	they	all	started	talking	at	once.
Charles	 rubbed	 at	 the	 stubble	 on	 his	 chin.	 He	 held	 up	 his	 hand	 for	 silence.	 The	 room
was	so	quiet,	the	movement	of	his	fingers	against	his	chin	sounded	like	sandpaper	being
rubbed	 on	 a	 piece	 of	 wood.	 “I	 have	 no	 clue	 what	 we’re	 dealing	 with.	 They’re	 beautiful
children,	 but	 then,	 all	 children	 are	 beautiful.	 There	 have	 been	 no	 Amber	 Alerts	 that	 I’m
aware	of,	so	that	more	or	less	takes	kidnapping	off	the	table.	Where	are	the	parents?	Are
the	 children	 from	 around	 here?	 I	 watch	 the	 news	 constantly	 and	 constantly	 get	 updates.
There	have	been	no	reports	of	missing	children.	Three	missing	children,	not	one,	not	two,
but	three.”
“Maybe	 they’re	 from	 another	 state	 and	 were	 being	 transported	 somewhere	 and
somehow	 they	 managed	 to	 get	 loose	 and	 ran	 away.	 Who	 would	 report	 them	 missing
without	incriminating	themselves?”	Espinosa	said.
“Which	 brings	 us	 back	 to	 the	 parents,”	 Abner	 said.	 “I’m	 checking	 all	 the	 databases	 I
know	of.	I’ll	put	the	word	out	to	my	colleagues	and	see	what	they	come	up	with.	Now,	I
have	to	warn	you.	If	this	is	something	like	child	trafficking,	then	we’re	talking	about	the
underbelly	of	the	Internet,	that	black	hole	reserved	for	the	lowest	of	the	low.”
“Get	on	it,	Abner,”	Charles	said.
From	that	point	on,	everyone	in	the	room	had	an	opinion,	each	one	different,	but	in	the
end	it	came	back	to,	where	are	the	parents?	At	last,	they	simply	gave	up	and	stared	at	one
another	until	Cyrus	appeared	in	the	doorway.
Finally.
The	 troop	 headed	 for	 the	 kitchen,	 stunned	 to	 see	 that	 it	 was	 neat	 and	 tidy,	 all	 the
Styrofoam	 boxes	 closed	 and	 stacked	 on	 the	 kitchen	 counter.	 The	 plastic	 silverware	 had
been	 rinsed	 and	 dried,	 the	 shopping	 bags	 folded	 neatly	 in	 a	 pile.	 The	 table	 was	 clear	 of
crumbs.	Carrie	and	Emily	sat	at	the	table,	their	hands	folded.	Andy	lay	curled	up	next	to
Cooper	and	was	sound	asleep.
“Andy	always	takes	a	nap	after	he	eats	a	lot,”	Carrie	said.
“That’s	 fine,”	 Maggie	 said.	 “Are	 you	 guys	 ready	 to	 talk?”	 Two	 heads	 bobbed	 up	 and
down.	The	room	went	quiet	as	Charles	leaned	forward.	“Where	are	your	parents,	Carrie?”
“I	don’t	know.	When	we	woke	up,	Aunt	Betty	was	there.	She	told	us	to	get	dressed	and
go	with	her.	Then	she	lost	us.”
“Where	did	she	lose	you?”

“At	the	mall,”	Emily	said.	“She	bought	us	some	ice	cream	and	said	to	wait	till	she	got
back.	She	had	to	get	her	ear	fixed.
“Aunt	Betty	has	a	hearing	aid,	and	she	wanted	to	get	it	fixed.	We	waited,	but	she	never
came	back.	Andy	started	to	cry.	Then	Carrie	started	to	cry.	I	didn’t	know	what	to	do.	Then
two	men	came	up	to	us	and	said	Aunt	Betty	said	we	were	to	go	with	them.”
“When	did	that	happen?	How	many	days	ago?”	Charles	asked.
“I	don’t	know.	Lots	of	days.	We	missed	school.”
“Before	the	flags,”	Emily	said.
“The	holiday	with	the	parade,”	Carrie	said.
“I	think	she	means	Memorial	Day,	and	they	were	still	in	school.	School	doesn’t	let	out
till	the	middle	of	June.	Oh	my	God,	these	kids	have	been	on	the	loose	for	several	months,”
Maggie	said	as	she	fought	the	urge	to	hug	the	two	little	girls.
“Where	did	you	live	all	that	time?”	Charles	asked.
“With	all	the	other	kids.	Then	they	left,	and	more	kids	came.	No	one	picked	us.”
“No	one	wanted	us	’cause	we’re	mixed	up,”	Emily	said.	“They	didn’t	like	our	pictures.
That’s	what	they	said,	right,	Carrie?”	Carrie	nodded.
“Oh,	crap,	I	see	where	this	is	going	already,”	Harry	hissed	in	Jack’s	ear.
“Do	you	know	where	the	place	is	that	you	lived	in?”
Both	girls	shook	their	heads.	“It	was	full	of	big	boxes	and	it	smelled	funny.	Not	stinky,
something	else.	Like	church	at	Christmas.”
“Incense,”	Maggie	said.
“I	don’t	know	what	that	is,”	Carrie	said.
“What’s	your	last	name?”
“Bannon.”
“Do	you	know	your	mother’s	and	dad’s	names?”
“Mommy	and	Daddy,”	Emily	said.
“Their	other	names.	Like	what	did	your	daddy	call	your	mommy?”	Maggie	asked.
“Sweetie	pie.”	Emily	giggled.	“Mommy	called	Daddy	her	hunk	of	love.	It	always	made
him	laugh.”
“Do	you	know	your	address	and	phone	number?”	Jack	asked.
Carrie	looked	offended	at	the	question.	“I’m	seven	years	old.	Mommy	made	me	learn	it.
Emily	gets	confused.	We	lived	at	one-eleven	Apple	Avenue	in	Arlington.	I	don’t	know	the
phone	number	because	it	was	in	my	cell	phone.	I	just	pressed	the	number	one	for	Mommy
and	 the	 number	 two	 for	 Daddy.	 The	 people	 took	 it	 away.	 Emily	 didn’t	 have	 a	 phone.
Mommy	was	going	to	get	her	one	on	her	birthday.”
“I’m	on	it,	I’m	on	it!”	Ted	said.

“Me	too,”	Maggie	said.
“Do	you	know	Aunt	Betty’s	last	name?”
“Smith.	She’s	Daddy’s	aunt.	She	doesn’t	hear	good.	We	have	to	talk	real	loud.	And	we
have	to	help	her	walk,	too,	because	she	has	a	cane.	Sometimes	she	drops	it,	and	we	have	to
pick	it	up.	She’s	old.	Daddy	said	we	have	to	look	after	her.”
Ted	groaned	at	the	name	Smith.
“Do	you	know	where	Aunt	Betty	lives?”	Charles	asked.
“With	all	the	old	people.	They	play	games	and	sing,	but	they	don’t	dance.	Daddy	said
they	would	fall	down	if	they	danced.	Aunt	Betty	lives	fifteen	minutes	from	our	house	if
there	is	no	traffic.”
“That’s	 a	 help,”	 Charles	 said	 as	 he	 zeroed	 in	 on	 Ted	 to	 make	 sure	 he	 was	 getting
everything	the	little	girl	said.	He	nodded	that	he	was	on	that,	too.
“Do	you	know	where	your	parents	work,	Carrie?”	Charles	asked.
“It’s	a	secret,”	Emily	chirped.	“You	can’t	tell	a	secret.”
Carrie	nodded.	“Mommy	said	if	people	know	what	they	do,	we	could	get	hurt.	That’s
why	it’s	a	secret.”
“I’m	going	to	take	a	wild	guess	here	and	ask	you	if	your	parents	carry	guns,”	Jack	said,
fixing	his	gaze	on	the	little	girl.	Her	eyes	almost	popped	out	of	her	head	at	the	question.
She	 turned	 to	 look	 down	 at	 her	 new	 shoes	 and	 said	 loudly,	 “No!”	 It	 was	 a	 lie,	 and
everyone	in	the	room	knew	it,	even	Emily,	who	squirmed	on	the	chair.	It	was	also	obvious
to	everyone	in	the	room	that	lying	did	not	come	naturally	to	the	two	little	girls.	Jack	let	it
go	and	gave	a	slight	shake	of	his	head	to	indicate	that	Charles	should	continue.
“Law	enforcement	of	some	kind,”	Maggie	hissed	to	Ted,	who	nodded.
“It	 should	 be	 a	 breeze,	 locating	 Sweetie	 Pie	 and	 Hunk	 of	 Love	 Bannon,”	 Ted	 said,
tongue	in	cheek.	“That’s	right	up	there	with	Betty	Smith	with	a	hearing	aid	and	cane.”
“Tell	 us	 about	 the	 place	 you	 lived	 in	 before	 you	 got	 away.	 How	 many	 children	 were
there	with	you?”
“Sometimes	a	lot.	Sometimes	just	us	and	three	more.	People	kept	taking	our	pictures.
They	dressed	up	some	of	the	girls	in	real	pretty	dresses.	Then	the	girls	left	and	didn’t	come
back.	The	monster	lady	was	real	mean	to	me	and	Emily.	Sometimes,	she	wouldn’t	give	us
food.	Then	the	Hammer	Man	would	slap	us.	He	was	mean,	too.”
“Tell	them	about	Funny	Eyes,	Carrie,”	Emily	said.
Carrie	put	her	fingers	to	the	corner	of	her	eyes	and	pulled	the	skin	back.	“Kind	of	like
him,”	she	said,	pointing	to	Harry.	“When	Andy	cried,	Funny	Eyes	would	tell	him	stories.
If	the	Hammer	Man	saw	him	do	that,	he	would	kick	him	and	call	him	a	half	…	a	halfwit.”
“How	did	you	get	away?”
“Funny	Eyes	helped	us.	A	big	truck	came	with	lots	of	kids.	Lots	and	lots	of	kids.	He
said	they	wouldn’t	miss	us	for	over	an	hour,	so	we	should	run	fast.	That’s	what	we	did.	We

cried	because	we	knew	they	were	going	to	kick	him	for	helping	us.	Sometimes	so	bad	he
couldn’t	 walk;	 then	 he	 had	 to	 crawl.	 Then	 they’d	 whip	 him	 like	 a	 dog	 and	 call	 him
names.”
Emily	 started	 to	 cry.	 Carrie	 put	 her	 arms	 around	 her	 sister	 and	 crooned	 in	 her	 ear.
“Funny	Eyes	will	be	okay.	Stop	crying	now.	You’re	a	big	girl,	and	big	girls	don’t	cry,”	she
said,	her	own	eyes	filling	with	tears.
“Son	of	a	bitch,”	Jack	muttered	under	his	breath.
“How	many	days	ago	did	you	leave?	Do	you	know?	How	many	times	did	it	get	dark	at
night?”	Charles	asked	softly.
“Seven.	Every	day	we	counted	so	we	would	remember.	Seven,”	she	repeated.
“What	did	you	eat?	Where	did	you	hide?”	Dennis	asked,	his	expression	one	of	disbelief
that	three	little	kids	could	survive	on	their	own	with	no	help	for	a	full	week.
“Funny	Eyes	gave	us	some	apples	when	we	left.	We	got	some	food	out	of	trash	cans.	It
rained,	 so	 we	 drank	 the	 rainwater.	 We	 were	 trying	 to	 find	 a	 policeman	 when	 you	 found
us.”
“You’re	safe	now.	We’re	going	to	do	our	best	to	find	your	parents	and	the	people	who
took	you	away.	For	now,	we’re	going	to	keep	you	here.	How	would	you	all	like	to	watch
some	television	while	us	grown-ups	make	a	plan?
“Dora	the	Explorer?”	Emily	asked	hopefully.
Charles	smiled.	“Dora	the	Explorer	it	is.”

Chapter	Four

Maggie	settled	the	kids	in	front	of	the	TV	in	the	main	office	before	she	returned	to	the
guys	in	the	conference	room.	The	team	looked	at	her	expectantly.	“They’re	fine.	I	think
the	 girls	 will	 both	 be	 asleep	 in	 about	 fifteen	 minutes.	 The	 good	 news	 is	 they	 aren’t	 as
scared	as	they	were	when	they	got	here.	They	trust	us	now.	So,	let’s	get	to	it	and	find	out
what’s	going	on	and	how	best	to	help	them.	For	as	little	and	as	young	as	they	are,	I	have	to
say,	they	have	guts.	I’m	not	sure	I	could	have	done	what	they	did	when	I	was	their	age.”
The	others	concurred.	“It’s	a	good	thing	it’s	summer.	I	hate	to	think	what	would	have
happened	to	them	if	it	were	winter	with	them	on	the	loose,”	Charles	said	solemnly.
“Can	 we	 get	 to	 it?	 I	 need	 to	 head	 back	 to	 the	 dentist.	 My	 mouth	 is	 killing	 me,”	 Jack
said,	his	face	a	mask	of	misery.
“Never	mind	getting	to	it.	Come	on,	we’re	going	right	now	to	the	dentist,”	Harry	said,
getting	up	and	hauling	Jack	to	his	feet.	He	looked	at	the	others.	“You	can	clue	us	in	when
we	get	back.”	No	one	disagreed.
Cyrus	was	waiting	at	the	door.	“Sorry,	bud,	you	can’t	go,”	Harry	said.
Cyrus	backed	up	a	step	and	showed	his	teeth,	and	magnificent	teeth	they	were.	Harry
held	up	his	hands,	palms	outward.	“Um	…	obviously,	I	misspoke.	Cyrus?”	He	started	to
explain	as	though	he	were	explaining	the	situation	to	his	daughter,	Lily.	Cyrus	ignored	him
and	simply	waited	for	Harry	to	finally	give	up	and	open	the	door.
“Since	 Cyrus	 is	 coming,	 we	 need	 to	 go	 in	 your	 car,	 Jack.	 Where	 are	 the	 keys?”	 Jack
handed	them	over.
*	*	*
Thirty	 minutes	 later,	 Jack,	 Harry,	 and	 Cyrus	 exited	 the	 elevator	 on	 the	 eighth	 floor,
where	Dr.	Bruno	Sabatini	was	waiting	for	them.	“What	took	you	so	long?”	He	grinned.	He
eyed	the	massive	dog	and	took	a	step	back.
“He’s	a	good	guy,	Cyrus.	Stay	with	Harry.	That’s	an	order,”	Jack	mumbled.	He	turned
to	Dr.	Sabatini.	“You	hurt	me,	and	you’re	toast.”
Bruno	Sabatini	clapped	his	hands	gleefully.	“Let’s	get	to	it	then.”
Cyrus	sat	in	the	open	doorway.	He	never	once	took	his	eyes	off	the	dentist	and	what	he
was	doing	to	his	master,	to	the	dentist’s	chagrin.
Ninety	minutes	later,	Jack	sat	up,	woozy	but	still	with	it.	He	wobbled	out	to	the	waiting
room,	Cyrus	at	his	side.	To	his	dismay,	he	had	to	lean	on	Harry.	He	waved	airily	as	Harry
escorted	him	out	to	the	elevator.	The	dentist	ran	after	them,	a	pill	bottle	in	hand.
“Tell	him	to	take	one	every	twelve	hours	and	to	finish	the	bottle.	He’s	groggy	right	now,
and	he	should	sleep	around	the	clock.	I	want	to	see	him	a	week	from	today.	Any	problems,
call	 me	 either	 here	 or	 at	 home.	 Even	 if	 it’s	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 night.	 Jack	 has	 both
numbers.”
“How	you	doing,	hot	shot?”	Harry	asked,	as	the	elevator	door	slid	shut.

“I’ve	been	better.	Like	I’m	really	going	to	sleep	around	the	clock.”	Harry	grinned,	and
Cyrus	barked.	They	piled	into	the	car,	Jack	in	the	back,	Cyrus	in	the	front	passenger	seat.
Jack	was	asleep	the	minute	he	buckled	up.	Cyrus	barked	his	approval.
*	*	*
Back	at	the	BOLO	Building,	Harry	called	Ted	to	come	and	help	get	Jack	inside.	He	was
deadweight,	and	the	two	men	actually	had	to	carry	him.	A	debate	followed	as	to	where	to
put	 him.	 Maggie	 made	 the	 final	 decision	 to	 put	 blankets	 down	 on	 the	 floor	 so	 the	 cots
could	 be	 saved	 for	 the	 children.	 “He’ll	 be	 fine,”	 was	 her	 final	 assessment	 when	 she
covered	Jack	with	a	light	blanket.	Cyrus	took	up	his	position	near	the	door.
Back	 in	 the	 conference	 room,	 Abner	 was	 reading	 off	 his	 computer.	 “Here’s	 the	 thing,
guys.	 I	 learned	 a	 lot	 at	 the	 CIA.	 The	 main	 thing	 is	 everyone	 has	 an	 alias.	 For	 security
purposes,	of	course.	I’m	going	to	go	out	on	a	limb	here	and	say	if	the	kids’	parents	work
for	 some	 top	 secret	 government	 agency,	 they	 probably	 use	 aliases.	 Meaning	 Bannon
probably	is	not	their	legal	name.	Going	with	first	names,	Sweetie	Pie	and	Hunk	of	Love	is
not	going	to	help	us	track	them	down.”
Ted	raised	his	hand	as	if	he	were	in	the	third	grade.	“Can’t	you	and	your	…	ah	…	club
hack	into	the	records?	What	about	that	guy	Phil	something	or	other?	We’re	going	to	need
real	names.”
Abner	 pretended	 to	 pout.	 He	 responded	 as	 though	 Ted	 really	 were	 in	 the	 third	 grade.
“Well,	of	course	I	can,	Teddie.	And	I	don’t	need	any	help.	I	can	do	it	on	my	own;	it’s	just
going	to	take	some	time	to	figure	out	which	agency	the	parents	work	for	so	I	can	hit	the
right	database.	This	is	the	government	we’re	dealing	with,	so	bear	that	in	mind.”
Properly	chastised,	Ted	returned	to	his	laptop.
“I	think	we	should	pack	up	and	head	out	to	the	farm.	Our	quarters	here	are	too	cramped,
and	we’re	going	to	need	all	the	equipment	we	have	at	our	disposal	in	the	war	room.	This
place	is	good	for	conferences,	quick	meetings,	and	the	like,”	Charles	said.
“What	about	the	kids?”	Dennis	asked.
“They’ll	be	safer	at	the	farm	and	have	actual	beds	to	sleep	in,	plus	all	the	dogs	to	keep
them	busy.	And	we	can	cook	nourishing	food	for	them	as	opposed	to	takeout	and	having
them	eat	on	the	fly,”	Charles	responded.
The	group	batted	Charles’s	idea	around	for	a	few	moments	before	they	finally	decided	it
was	the	way	to	go.
*	*	*
It	took	a	half	hour	before	everyone	was	settled	as	comfortably	as	possible	in	the	parade
of	vehicles	that	would	travel	to	the	farm.	Maggie	was	right—the	kids	were	sound	asleep
and	had	to	be	carried	to	the	cars.	It	took	Ted	and	Espinosa	both	to	drag	Jack	to	his	own
car,	with	Cyrus’s	hot	breath	on	them	every	step	of	the	way.	Cooper	eyed	these	goings-on
before	 he	 marched	 over	 to	 Maggie’s	 car,	 where	 the	 children	 slept	 in	 the	 backseat.	 He
pawed	the	passenger	door	until	it	opened,	then	settled	himself	for	the	ride	to	the	farm.
“Guess	that	settles	who	is	going	to	ride	with	me,”	Maggie	mumbled	under	her	breath.

The	 normal	 sixty-minute	 commute	 to	 Pinewood	 took	 a	 full	 ninety	 minutes,	 given	 the
heavy	 rain	 that	 started	 to	 fall	 before	 the	 caravan	 made	 it	 to	 the	 interstate.	 Another	 hour
was	used	up	settling	the	kids	in	beds,	with	Cooper	standing	guard.
Ted	and	Espinosa	huffed	and	puffed	as	they	literally	dragged	Jack	as	far	as	the	family
room	and	somehow	got	him	settled	on	the	couch.	He	never	opened	his	eyes.	Cyrus	took	up
his	position	in	front	of	the	sofa.	He	looked	up	at	the	wheezing	duo,	yipped	as	if	to	say,	“I
have	it	covered,	you	can	go	now.”
“Damn,	that	guy	weighs	more	than	I	thought.	And	he	didn’t	even	bat	an	eye—he’s	out
cold,”	Ted	said.
“Wait	till	he	wakes	up	here	and	wonders	how	he	got	here.	They	must	have	given	him
some	 kind	 of	 super-duper	 deluxe	 painkillers	 to	 knock	 him	 out	 like	 that.	 Even	 when	 he
wakes	up,	he’s	going	to	be	out	of	it	for	a	day	or	so,”	Espinosa	said.
“Come	on,	the	gang	is	waiting	for	us.	We	need	to	get	moving.	I	sure	could	use	a	good
cup	of	coffee	right	now.	How	about	you,	Espinosa?”
“I	smell	it	brewing,	so	that	has	to	mean	everyone	is	in	the	kitchen.	They’re	waiting	for
us.	I	hope	we	can	help	those	kids.	It	must	be	awful	for	them	that	they	don’t	know	where
their	parents	are.	They’ve	been	through	a	lot,	and	now,	when	they	wake	up,	it’s	a	whole
other	ball	game.	I’m	not	sure	I	could	ever	be	a	parent.	I	don’t	know	how	my	parents	raised
eleven	of	us	kids.	What	about	you,	Ted?	Could	you	handle	parenthood?”	Espinosa	asked
fretfully.
“I	 don’t	 know.	 I	 think	 if	 you	 have	 the	 right	 partner,	 and	 you’re	 both	 on	 the	 same
parenting	 page,	 it’s	 possible.	 I’d	 probably	 be	 one	 of	 those	 helicopter	 parents	 who	 hover
over	the	kids	twenty-four/seven.	You	know,	eyes	glued	to	them	every	minute.	But	that’s
not	 good.	 Why	 are	 we	 talking	 about	 this?	 We	 don’t	 have	 kids,	 and	 it	 doesn’t	 look	 as	 if
there	are	any	in	either	of	our	immediate	futures.”
“Everything	 okay?”	 Charles	 asked.	 “Grab	 your	 coffee,	 boys,	 and	 let’s	 get	 to	 work.	 I
think	with	all	the	dogs	here,	especially	Cyrus	and	Cooper,	it’s	safe	to	go	down	to	the	war
room	and	commence	work.	Lady	will	stand	guard	with	her	pups	here	in	the	kitchen.”
Chairs	 scraped	 back,	 and	 laptops	 snapped	 shut	 as	 the	 parade	 moved	 forward.	 Charles
was	 the	 last	 in	 line	 because	 he	 had	 treats	 to	 hand	 out.	 A	 treat	 for	 doing	 nothing	 was
something	 Lady	 took	 seriously.	 It	 meant	 she	 was	 in	 charge	 of	 her	 unruly	 brood	 and	 the
house	they	all	lived	in.
As	 always,	 the	 minute	 the	 lights	 came	 on	 in	 the	 war	 room,	 so	 did	 the	 free-hanging
monster	TV	showing	Lady	Justice	in	all	her	glory.	The	team	saluted,	then	took	their	seats
at	 the	 special	 table	 while	 Charles	 and	 Fergus	 moved	 to	 the	 dais	 and	 the	 banks	 of
computers	that	would	have	rivaled	those	at	NASA.
The	gang	chattered,	their	voices	low	so	as	not	to	disturb	Charles	and	Fergus.
“Have	you	come	up	with	anything	yet,	Abner?”	Maggie	asked.
Deep	into	what	he	was	doing,	Abner	shook	his	head.
“I	think	Espinosa	and	I	should	go	check	out	the	Bannon	house,”	said	Ted.	“Joe	can	take

pictures	of	everything.	We	can	show	them	to	the	kids	to	see	their	reaction.	As	we	all	know,
no	one	is	perfect.	We	might	pick	up	some	clues.	If	nothing	else,	their	backgrounds.”
“I	can	take	on	Aunt	Betty.	Older	people	like	me	for	some	reason,	and	I	have	a	rapport
with	them,”	Dennis	said.	“There	can’t	be	that	many	senior	housing	compounds	within	a
fifteen-minute	radius	of	the	Bannon	household.”
“What	 about	 me?”	 Maggie	 snapped.	 “Don’t	 think	 for	 one	 minute	 that	 I’m	 doing
babysitting	 duty.	 Charles	 and	 Fergus	 can	 do	 that.	 I’m	 going	 with	 Ted	 and	 Espinosa.
Besides,	we’re	a	team.”
And	that	was	the	end	of	that.
“I	don’t	know	if	this	is	a	good	idea	or	not,”	Harry	said,	“but	I	can	call	some	of	the	lawenforcement	agencies	that	train	with	me.	They	like	to	talk.	Brag,	actually.	Just	last	month,
I	took	on	a	special	rush	class	of	three	guys	from	Homeland	Security.	It	was	some	kind	of
special	 hush-hush	 assignment	 that	 they	 couldn’t	 talk	 about	 but	 did	 anyway.	 Jack	 and	 I
know	 this	 one	 guy	 at	 the	 DEA	 who’s	 pretty	 far	 up	 the	 totem	 pole.	 He	 likes	 to	 show	 off
how	important	he	is.	He	might	have	some	intel	he	can	share.	For	a	price.	Meaning	dinner
and	really	good	wine.	That	kind	of	thing.	Jack	and	I	both	know	scores	of	agents	at	the	CIA
and	 FBI.	 I’ll	 throw	 out	 some	 bait	 and	 see	 what	 happens.	 When	 Jack	 comes	 back	 to	 the
land	of	the	living,	he	can	dig	right	in.”
“There’s	always	Jack	Sparrow,”	Fergus	said,	taking	his	place	at	the	table,	his	arms	full
of	printouts.	“Just	think	about	the	man’s	Rolodex!	He	was	director	of	the	FBI	for	a	good
many	years.	He	also	knows	where	all	the	bodies	are	buried.”
“I	just	sent	him	a	text,”	Charles	said,	taking	his	place	at	the	table.	“Now,	boys	and	one
girl,	tell	me	what	you	all	came	up	with	while	I	was	printing	out	the	materials	here	in	my
hand.	One	at	a	time,	please.”
“It’s	 a	 little	 late	 in	 the	 day	 to	 head	 on	 out,”	 said	 Joe.	 “I’m	 all	 for	 going	 home	 and
starting	out	fresh	in	the	morning.	I’ll	see	what	if	anything	I	can	dig	up	this	evening	and
apprise	you	early	tomorrow.	I	did	a	Google	Map	house	search,	and	it	appears	the	Bannons
live	or	lived	in	a	very	nice	residential	neighborhood.	The	big	question	is	will	the	neighbors
be	watching	three	strangers	break	into	a	house	and	not	do	anything?”
“What	about	the	kids’	school?”	Ted	asked.	“I	can’t	find	a	trace	anywhere	of	any	missing
children	within	a	fifty-mile	radius	of	the	kids’	home.	I’m	working	on	day-care	centers	now
for	 the	 little	 guy.	 So	 far	 nothing.	 I’m	 all	 for	 heading	 home	 and	 starting	 fresh	 in	 the
morning.”
Dennis	agreed.
“I	should	go	home	to	do	some	rescheduling.	Choa	can	handle	my	classes	tomorrow,	and
I	can	come	back	out	and	get	Jack	up	and	running.	That	leaves	Abner	here	with	you	and
Fergus,”	Harry	said,	addressing	Charles.	“I	think	you	guys	are	in	good	hands	with	seven
dogs	here	to	watch	over	things.”
“I’m	staying,”	Abner	muttered.	“I	can	do	what	I’m	doing	here	just	as	well	as	at	home.	If
Jack	wakes	up,	I	can	hold	his	hand,”	he	said,	grinning,	his	fingers	tapping	fast	and	furious.
“And	before	any	of	you	ask,	I	have	my	…	ah	…	colleagues	on	this,	and	that	includes	Phil.

Backup	only.”
“I	 guess	 that	 pretty	 much	 covers	 it	 all	 then,”	 Charles	 said.	 “Everyone	 report	 in	 in	 the
morning.	 Don’t	 any	 of	 you	 do	 anything	 that	 will	 bring	 attention	 to	 yourselves.	 We’re
dealing	with	children	here,	remember	that.	In	the	meantime,	when	they	wake	up,	Ferg	and
I	can	take	another	shot	at	seeing	if	we	can	get	any	more	information	out	of	them.	It’s	just
that	 they’re	 so	 young.	 And	 scared.	 I’m	 sure	 their	 parents	 drilled	 information	 into	 their
heads	 about	 talking	 to	 strangers	 and	 all	 that	 goes	 with	 it.	 Schools	 do	 that	 now,	 too,	 I’m
told.	Am	I	wrong,	or	am	I	not	remembering	correctly	that	the	older	girl,	Carrie,	had	a	cell
phone?”
“No,	you	heard	right,”	Ted	said.	“Carrie	said	the	people	took	it	from	her.	I’m	on	that,
too.	She	also	said	there	were	only	two	numbers	she	could	call	by	pressing	the	number	one
and	the	number	two.	Mom	and	Dad.	She	doesn’t	know	who	her	parents’	carrier	is.	I	have
calls	 into	 some	 friends	 who	 have	 friends	 who	 work	 at	 various	 providers.	 If	 I	 come	 up
blank,	Abner	will	have	to	hack	into	the	records.”
“On	my	list	of	things	to	do,”	Abner	mumbled.
“All	 right	 then,	 we’re	 outta	 here,”	 Maggie	 said,	 getting	 up	 and	 gathering	 all	 her	 gear
and	paperwork.	“Wish	us	luck.”
*	*	*
Ninety	minutes	later,	the	trio	from	the	Post	pulled	to	the	curb	outside	Maggie’s	house	in
Georgetown.	“If	you	guys	want	to	come	in,	it’s	okay.	I	can	make	some	sandwiches,	and
we	can	keep	on	working	or	we	can	hit	the	sack.”	Then	she	lowered	her	voice	to	a	harsh
whisper	 and	 said,	 “Unless	 you	 guys	 are	 up	 for	 a	 little	 night	 trip	 to	 one-eleven	 Apple
Avenue	in	Arlington.”	She	held	her	breath	waiting	to	see	what	Ted	and	Espinosa	would
say.
Ted	shifted	into	reverse,	inched	out	from	the	parking	space,	did	a	lightning	U-turn,	and
they	were	off.	“I	love	the	way	you	think,	Maggie,”	he	cackled	happily.
“We	could	get	caught,	you	know	that,	right?”
“Absolutely	 I	 know	 that.	 The	 neighborhood	 probably	 has	 one	 of	 those	 Neighborhood
Watch	groups	that	does	nothing	but	spy	on	their	neighbors.	We’ll	park	a	few	blocks	away
and	go	on	foot.	Just	three	people	out	for	a	nightly	stroll	before	turning	in.	We’ll	go	in	from
the	back—I	have	my	lock-picking	kit,”	Ted	said,	excitement	ringing	in	his	voice.
“What	if	there’s	an	alarm	system	that’s	activated?”	Espinosa	asked	nervously.
“Then	we	use	that	gizmo	Avery	Snowden	gave	us.	In	ten	seconds,	it	can	figure	out	the
code	and	dismantle	it.	I	have	it	in	my	backpack.”
“What	if	it’s	a	silent	alarm?”	Espinosa	persisted.
“Then,	my	friends,	we’re	screwed,”	Ted	said	cheerfully.	“Right	now,	this	rain	is	in	our
favor.	No	one	is	out	walking	around;	people	looking	out	their	windows	see	only	rain.	I’m
going	on	the	theory	here	that	the	Bannons	walked	away	on	their	own	for	whatever	reason
but	left	things	just	the	way	they	would	if	they	were	going	away	for	the	weekend.	Timers.
Outside	lights	come	on	at	a	certain	time.	One	light	or	two	goes	on	at	another	time.	That

kind	of	thing.”
Espinosa	wasn’t	about	to	give	up.	“What	about	mail	piling	up	and	trash	pickup.	How	is
that	explained?”
“Post	office	holds	the	mail,	it’s	that	simple.	As	to	the	trash,	the	Bannons	are	neat	and
tidy,	and	there	is	no	trash	or	their	story	to	the	neighborhood	is	a	family	crisis	of	some	kind,
and	you’ll	see	us	when	you	see	us,”	Maggie	snapped.	“Whatever	it	is,	we’ll	deal	with	it
when	and	if	it	happens.	Now	shut	up,	Joe,	before	I	smack	you.	If	you’re	that	worried,	you
can	stay	in	the	car.”
Espinosa	mumbled	something	that	sounded	like,	Smart-ass,	then	went	silent.
Twenty	minutes	later,	Ted	did	a	slow	drive-by	all	the	way	down	Apple	Avenue.	“Looks
like	half-acre	lots.	Nice	space	between	the	houses.	No	dogs	will	be	outside	barking.	It’s
late,	but	there	are	still	some	lights	on	in	people’s	houses.	Okay,	roll	down	your	windows
and	tell	me	what	you	see.	The	house	should	be	the	third	one	on	the	right.”
“Lamppost	gaslight	by	the	mailbox.	The	numerals	one-one-one	are	those	stick-on	tapes.
There’s	dim	light	inside	coming	from	somewhere,	and	I	think	there’s	a	light	in	the	back,	or
else	 it’s	 the	 neighbor’s	 light.	 When	 you	 do	 the	 return,	 I’ll	 be	 looking	 at	 it	 from	 another
angle.	We	might	have	to	go	in	by	the	front	door	if	it	is	the	Bannons’	light	in	the	back.	It
looks	pretty	bright	even	from	here	and	through	the	rain.	Turn	around,”	Maggie	ordered.
Ted	obliged	and	drove	to	the	end	of	the	street,	then	turned	around	and	inched	his	way
down	 the	 road.	 There	 were	 no	 other	 cars	 in	 sight,	 and	 there	 were	 no	 other	 cars	 on	 the
street.	 “Everyone	 parks	 in	 their	 own	 driveway.	 I	 wish	 it	 were	 that	 way	 in	 Georgetown,”
Maggie	groused.	“Crapola.	It	is	the	Bannons’	backyard	light.	Let’s	get	to	it.	Park	down	at
the	very	end,	and	we’ll	run	back.	We’re	lucky	there’s	no	light	by	the	front	door.	Be	sure
you	have	your	picklock	in	hand	when	we	get	there.”
Ted	 hated	 it	 when	 Maggie	 gave	 him	 orders.	 What	 did	 she	 think	 he	 was	 going	 to	 do,
stand	in	the	middle	of	the	road	so	everyone	could	see	him	as	he	looked	for	his	picklock?
He	didn’t	say	a	word,	just	slammed	on	his	brakes	and	grinned	when	Maggie	almost	landed
in	his	lap.
“That	wasn’t	funny,	Ted,”	Maggie	yelped.
“Yeah	it	was.	It	shut	you	up	for	a	few	seconds.”
“Can	you	two	bill	and	coo	later?	Let’s	do	this	and	get	it	over	with,”	Espinosa	said	as	he
climbed	out	of	the	car	and	sprinted	forward	without	waiting	for	his	colleagues.
Maggie	 was	 next	 out,	 followed	 by	 Ted.	 They	 all	 arrived	 at	 111	 at	 the	 same	 time,	 and
Ted	raced	up	the	steps	and	got	to	work.	“Run-of-the-mill	lock.	Five	seconds	and	we’re	in.
Hurry	up!”
In	 they	 were.	 The	 trio	 stood	 stock-still,	 waiting	 for	 their	 eyes	 to	 adjust	 to	 the
semidarkness.	 To	 their	 surprise,	 there	 was	 no	 alarm	 system.	 In	 each	 room	 there	 was	 a
small	night-light	plugged	into	a	wall	socket.	The	lights	gave	off	virtually	no	illumination
but	did	reveal	what	was	on	the	floor,	so	no	one	tripped	over	anything.	In	the	kitchen,	there
was	a	light	over	the	gas	range	and	a	clock	whose	numbers	read	0000.	“Let’s	spread	out.
Espinosa,	take	the	upstairs.	I’ll	start	here	in	the	kitchen	and	work	my	way	to	the	front	of

the	 house.	 Ted,	 you	 take	 the	 garage	 and	 the	 basement.	 Move,	 guys.	 If	 you	 discover
anything,	give	a	soft	whistle.”
Maggie	 watched	 Ted	 as	 he	 prepared	 to	 head	 to	 the	 basement.	 “Hey,	 watch	 your	 head
there!”	she	warned	the	lanky	reporter	before	she	set	to	work.	First,	she	went	through	the
cabinets.	Service	for	six	of	everything.	Family	plus	one	guest,	and	if	more	guests	showed
up,	 they	 got	 the	 paper	 plates.	 Pantry.	 Nothing	 unusual	 and	 not	 well	 stocked.	 Staples
mostly.	She	moved	things	but	discovered	nothing.	The	utility	closet	gave	up	nothing	other
than	 a	 broom,	 a	 dustpan,	 a	 mop,	 and	 a	 bucket	 along	 with	 a	 bag	 of	 what	 looked	 like
cleaning	rags.	A	shelf	held	two	boxes	of	trash	bags,	a	bottle	of	some	kind	of	floor	cleaner
called	Finish.	Nothing.
The	laundry	room	held	a	washer	and	dryer,	both	front	loaders.	Two	cabinets	overhead
contained	 detergent,	 fabric	 sheets,	 and	 two	 bottles	 of	 bleach.	 All	 lined	 up	 neatly.	 An
ironing	board	was	set	up	in	the	far	corner,	with	a	steam	iron	resting	on	a	metallic	pad.	A
portable	drying	rack	sat	next	to	the	ironing	board	with	four	purple	hangers.	There	was	no
laundry	basket;	nor	were	there	any	clothes	in	the	washer	or	the	dryer.	Nothing	here.
Maggie	 made	 her	 way	 back	 to	 the	 kitchen	 to	 check	 the	 refrigerator.	 A	 six-pack	 of
Dasani	 water	 sat	 on	 one	 shelf.	 Four	 bottles	 of	 green	 tea	 sat	 next	 to	 the	 water	 bottles.	 A
four-pack	of	peach	yogurt	that	had	yet	to	expire	sat	alone	on	the	top	shelf	next	to	a	can	of
Reddi-wip.	 There	 were	 no	 eggs,	 milk,	 juice,	 or	 cheese.	 No	 dried	 or	 wilted	 fruit	 or
vegetables	in	the	bins,	like	in	her	own	refrigerator	back	in	Georgetown.	This	refrigerator
had	been	cleaned	out	in	preparation	for	leaving,	an	indication,	at	least	to	Maggie,	that	the
Bannons	 planned	 on	 returning	 or	 that	 they	 wanted	 whoever	 checked	 the	 house	 to	 think
that.
There	 were	 two	 small	 cactus	 plants	 in	 little	 cardboard	 containers	 on	 the	 windowsill.
Cactuses	 could	 virtually	 live	 forever	 without	 water.	 Probably	 a	 project	 Carrie	 brought
home	from	school.
Maggie	moved	to	the	front	of	the	house	and	was	no	more	successful	than	she	had	been
in	the	kitchen	and	laundry	room.	All	neat	and	tidy.	One	lone	picture	on	the	mantel	of	the
three	children	standing	next	to	a	carousel	at	some	amusement	park.	No	photo	albums	on
the	coffee	table.	No	pictures	of	the	parents.	No	prints	on	the	walls.
This	little	night	visit	was	a	total	bust	as	far	as	she	could	tell.	She	frowned.	Something
was	bothering	her.	Something	different.	Odd.	What?	She	couldn’t	come	up	with	a	thing,
and	she	did	have	a	sharp	eye.	Or	as	Ted	often	said,	“Maggie	has	an	eagle	eye,	she	doesn’t
miss	a	thing.”	Well,	whatever	it	was,	she	was	missing	it.	She	hated	when	that	happened
because	it	made	her	crazy.
Ted	 appeared	 out	 of	 nowhere.	 He	 shook	 his	 head	 in	 disgust.	 “I	 didn’t	 find	 a	 thing.
Anyone	 could	 live	 here.	 There’s	 no	 junk	 in	 the	 garage	 or	 basement.	 Crazy-ass	 staircase
going	down	to	the	basement.	I	almost	killed	myself.	No	overflow	of	any	kind.	No	cars,	of
course.	 A	 lawn	 mower	 and	 a	 leaf	 blower	 that	 looked	 barely	 used.	 Mr.	 Bannon	 is	 not
someone	who	tinkers	in	the	garage.	No	little	jars	of	nails	or	screws	that	every	home	owner
has.	No	cans	of	paint	on	the	shelves.	Strangers	with	no	ties	to	anything	live	here	would	be
my	assessment.”
“What	about	the	basement?”	Maggie	asked.

“That	 was	 the	 basement,	 weren’t	 you	 listening?	 Totally	 empty	 except	 for	 the	 furnace.
There	are	four	small	windows	with	wire	mesh	nailed	across	them.	That’s	nothing	out	of
the	ordinary;	most	people	do	that	to	avoid	break-ins.	The	main	reason	probably	being	that
crazy-killer	 staircase.	 And	 the	 lights	 were	 burned	 out.	 I	 had	 to	 use	 my	 flashlight,”	 Ted
said.
Espinosa	joined	them.	He	threw	his	hands	up	in	the	air.	“Nothing.	Clothes.	Not	a	lot.
Three	changes	each	from	what	I	can	tell.	Suitcases	in	the	closet	in	the	master	bathroom.
No	excesses	of	any	kind.	Two	bars	of	soap,	three	extra	rolls	of	bathroom	tissue.	Six	bath
towels,	 six	 hand	 towels,	 six	 washcloths.	 One	 extra	 tube	 of	 toothpaste.	 No	 extra
toothbrushes.	One	bottle	of	Aleve	in	the	medicine	cabinet.	One	bottle	of	baby	aspirin,	for
the	 kids,	 I	 guess.	 Two	 boxes	 of	 Band-Aids.	 Peroxide	 and	 alcohol.	 Shampoo	 and	 hand
lotion.	One	can	of	shaving	cream.	No	meds	of	any	kind.	A	big	fat	nothing.”
“That	tells	me	their	departure	was	planned.	There	is	no	trace,	no	clue	as	to	where	they
went.	They	must	have	been	called	to	go	on	an	assignment,	and	they	called	Aunt	Betty	to
pick	up	the	kids,	which	we	already	know	she	did.	That’s	where	everything	stops.	I	wonder
if	they	had	a	cleaning	lady	or	if	the	kids	had	a	babysitter,”	Maggie	mused.
“I	think	it’s	weird	there	is	no	landline.	They	obviously	relied	on	cell	phones.	There	is	no
computer,	printer,	or	fax	machine.	I	thought	everyone	had	a	computer	in	their	house.	One
TV.	None	in	the	kids’	rooms.	A	cheap	model,	two	hundred	and	fifty	dollars	tops.	My	bad,”
Ted	said.
“So	now	what?”	Espinosa	asked.
“Maybe	we	missed	something,”	Maggie	said.	“Hidden	safe,	false	wall,	something	under
the	 floorboards,	 that	 kind	 of	 thing.	 I	 hate	 thinking	 this	 was	 a	 bust.	 There	 has	 to	 be
something.	Something	we	missed.”
“Give	 it	 up,	 Maggie.	 This	 is	 a	 cookie-cutter	 house,	 not	 a	 custom-made	 one	 where	 all
those	 things	 you	 mentioned	 could	 be	 installed.	 The	 Bannons	 just	 existed	 here,	 nothing
more.	It’s	all	a	screen.”
Maggie’s	shoulders	slumped.	She	hated	to	admit	defeat.	“Hey,	we	could	go	to	the	post
office	tomorrow	and	see	if	we	can	collect	their	mail.	Yeah,	yeah,	that’s	a	federal	offense.	It
was	just	a	thought,”	she	said,	at	the	look	of	horror	on	her	partners’	faces.
“What	was	in	the	desk?”	Ted	asked.
“Just	receipts	for	household	bills.	Canceled	checks.	All	the	same:	electric,	water,	taxes,
insurance.	The	checking	account	is	in	Wells	Fargo	and	in	both	names.	Allison	and	Steven
Bannon.	This	address.	The	last	bank	statement	shows	a	balance	of	$656.23.	One	monthly
cash	 deposit	 of	 $1,000.	 That’s	 it.	 Wherever	 they	 deposit	 their	 paychecks,	 it	 isn’t	 in	 this
account.	These	people	are	pros.	Special	agents	of	some	kind	would	be	my	guess,”	Maggie
said.	“Everything	appears	to	be	geared	to	a	quick	getaway	and	leaving	very	little	behind
and	easily	replaced	at	their	next	location.”
“We	should	go,”	Espinosa	said.	Maggie	nodded.
In	the	car	on	the	way	back	to	Georgetown,	the	trio	was	silent.	When	Ted	pulled	to	the
curb,	Maggie	got	out	and	walked	to	her	door.	Ted	drove	away	to	drop	off	Espinosa.

Hero,	Maggie’s	rescue	cat	jumped	up	into	her	arms	to	greet	her.	He	purred	as	Maggie
crooned	to	the	contented	cat.	“I	know	there	was	something	there,	Hero.	My	gut	says	it’s
there,	and	I	missed	it.	I	missed	it.	Me!	Do	you	believe	that?”
Maggie	headed	to	the	kitchen,	poured	herself	a	glass	of	wine,	and	got	out	some	tuna	for
Hero.
“Sooner	or	later,	I’ll	figure	it	out.	You	know	why,	Hero?	Because	I	am	an	investigative
reporter.”
Hero	stopped	eating	long	enough	to	raise	his	head	and	offer	up	a	meow	to	show	he	was
on	her	side.

Chapter	Five

It	was	early,	and	the	sun	had	yet	to	crawl	toward	the	horizon,	when	Charles	Martin	slid	a
tray	of	sticky	buns	into	the	oven.	Fergus	clapped	his	hands	in	anticipation	as	he	scooped
out	the	seeds	from	a	delicious-looking	melon.	The	table	was	set	for	three,	as	Abner	had
spent	the	night.
“It	smells	good	in	here.	Cinnamon,	right?”	Abner	said	as	he	took	his	place	at	the	table.
He	was	freshly	showered	and	shaved.	He	wore	the	same	messy	clothes,	but	as	he	put	it,
“I’m	clean,	and	I	smell	good.”
“Did	you	get	any	sleep?”	Charles	asked.	“Ferg	and	I	took	turns	taking	catnaps.”
“Two	hours.	I	don’t	require	much	sleep,”	Abner	said.	“I	finally	cracked	the	code,	and	I
now	know	who	the	kids’	parents	really	are.	It’s	a	good	thing	I’m	an	honest	man,”	Abner
said,	tongue	in	cheek.	“I	could	sell	this	information	to	our	enemies	and	make	a	fortune	for
myself.”	When	there	was	no	response	from	Fergus	or	Charles,	he	hastened	on.	“Not	that	I
would	ever	do	that.	I	simply	took	what	information	I	needed,	closed	all	the	doors	I	opened,
and	backstopped	everything.	Phil	went	behind	me	to	make	sure	I	covered	all	my	tracks.
Trust	me	when	I	tell	you	no	one	will	ever	know	that	file	was	penetrated.	We	are	good	to
go,	gentlemen.”
“So	what	did	you	find	out?”	Fergus	asked	as	he	held	out	a	generous	slice	of	melon.
“Allison	and	Steven	Bannon	are	the	names	the	kids’	parents	go	by	at	the	moment.	They
are	special	agents	of	the	CIA,	which	assigns	them	to	various	agencies	with	no	real	home
base	other	than	The	Farm	at	Langley.	From	what	I	could	gather,	they	work	on	a	three-year
assignment,	then	move	to	another	location	and	work	for	another	agency.	Before	this	gig,
which	is	only	twenty-two	months	old,	they	were	assigned	to	the	DEA	and	lived	in	Gilbert,
Arizona.	 One	 could	 call	 them	 floaters,	 for	 want	 of	 a	 better	 term.	 They	 go	 where	 their
special	talents	are	needed.	They	are	at	the	top	of	the	heap.	The	best	of	the	best.	The	rarity
here	is	that	they	are	husband	and	wife.	Originally,	they	were	partners	that	…	ahhh,	came
together.	They	got	married	and	had	kids.	A	small	war	broke	out,	and	they	were	going	to	be
split	up.	The	couple	fought	it	and	won.	They	are	the	only	husband	and	wife	team	for	any
of	 the	 alphabet	 agencies.	 I	 guess	 the	 powers	 that	 be	 recognized	 their	 value	 and	 unique
talents,	 and	 finally	 agreed	 to	 keep	 them	 together	 rather	 than	 lose	 them.	 And	 the	 money
invested	in	their	training	also	has	to	be	taken	into	consideration.	It’s	expensive	to	train	a
covert	agent.”
Charles	removed	the	tray	of	sticky	buns	from	the	oven	and	set	it	on	the	counter.	“From
everything	 I’ve	 read	 over	 the	 years	 about	 the	 agencies,	 that	 is	 the	 one	 thing	 that	 is
verboten.	 No	 romantic	 entanglements.	 Emotions	 interfere	 with	 the	 job	 at	 hand.	 I’m
impressed.	The	Bannons	must	be	an	incredibly	special	couple	would	be	my	opinion.”
Using	a	spatula,	he	removed	the	sticky	buns	one	by	one,	the	cinnamon	syrup	and	butter
drizzling	down	the	sides.	He	placed	the	platter	in	the	middle	of	the	table.	A	dozen	sticky
buns.	Abner	would	eat	ten,	Fergus	and	Charles	one	each.
“Who	are	they	in	real	life?”	Fergus	asked.
“As	far	as	I	could	tell,	that	information	had	been	scrubbed	from	the	database.	Whatever

their	 real	 names,	 she	 is	 thirty-nine	 and	 he	 is	 forty-one.	 Both	 were	 recruited	 by	 the	 CIA
right	out	of	college.	Five	years	later,	they	were	partnered	up.	From	that	point	on,	I	guess,
you	could	say	the	rest	is	history,	which	brings	us	to	the	here	and	now.”
“Ah,	yes,	the	here	and	now.	The	only	problem	with	that	is	we	do	not	know	where	they
are.	Did	Aunt	Betty	show	up	in	either	of	their	background	information?”	Fergus	asked.
“No.	 Nothing	 was	 said	 about	 relatives	 on	 either	 the	 mother’s	 or	 the	 father’s	 side.	 At
least	none	of	record.	I	think	this	Betty,	whoever	she	is,	is	just	another	agent	who	works	for
one	of	the	agencies.	Remember	now,	being	the	best	of	the	best	means	you	carry	a	lot	of
clout,	so	if	the	Bannons,	to	use	the	name	the	kids	go	by,	need	help	with	those	kids,	they
get	it	via	Betty	or	someone	like	Betty.	I	think	that	would	apply	to	babysitters	also,”	Abner
said	as	he	shoveled	his	fifth	sticky	bun	into	his	mouth.
“So,	 we	 know	 that	 they	 are	 CIA	 agents.	 But	 we	 still	 have	 no	 names.	 What	 do	 we	 do
now?	 They’re	 gone,	 and	 we	 have	 their	 kids.	 Do	 they	 even	 know	 that?	 And	 where	 is
Betty?”	Charles	looked	at	Fergus	and	Abner	as	if	they	had	the	magic	answer	when	his	cell
phone	chirped	to	life.	He	held	up	his	hand	and	mouthed	the	name	Maggie.	He	turned	the
phone	to	speaker	mode	and	set	it	in	the	middle	of	the	table	so	the	others	could	hear.
Maggie	quickly	recounted	the	night’s	events,	ending	with,	“The	place	was	scrubbed.	It’s
so	sterile,	you	could	eat	off	the	floor.	The	Bannons	are	gone,	that’s	the	bottom	line.	I	do
want	to	say,	though,	something	is	niggling	at	me,	something	I	either	saw	or	felt	that	wasn’t
right.	 That	 doesn’t	 mean	 I’m	 right—it’s	 just	 …	 I	 don’t	 know,	 call	 it	 a	 gut	 feeling	 that	 I
missed	 something.	 We’re	 going	 back	 as	 soon	 as	 we	 catch	 some	 breakfast	 and	 prowl	 the
neighborhood,	talk	to	the	neighbors,	and	see	if	we	can	shake	the	tree.	Dennis	is	on	his	way
to	some	senior	housing	complex.	He	said	he’ll	check	in	later.	Did	any	of	you	come	up	with
anything	during	the	night?”
Charles	motioned	to	Abner	to	speak	up,	which	he	did.
“Wow,	Maggie,	that’s	really	good	work.	Do	you	think	you’ll	be	able	to	find	out	which
agency	they’re	working	for	now?”
“That’s	my	job	for	today.	I’ll	find	it.”
“Be	careful	when	you	go	out	to	the	neighborhood,	Maggie.	There	might	be	other	agents
living	 there	 as	 backup,	 or,	 as	 the	 agency	 calls	 them,	 ‘minders.’	 In	 other	 words,	 the
Bannons’	backup	team.”
“We’ll	keep	it	in	mind.	I’ll	check	back	before	we	leave	the	area.”
The	call	ended.	The	three	men	looked	at	one	another.	Abner	stuffed	the	tenth	sticky	bun
in	his	mouth,	nodded	to	the	others,	and	left	the	kitchen	for	the	war	room,	leaving	Fergus
and	Charles	to	tidy	up	the	kitchen.
“We	are	talking	child	trafficking,	right,	Charles?”
“That	would	be	my	guess.	I	hate	to	grill	the	children	because	they’re	so	young,	and	they
have	 been	 traumatized.	 They’ll	 probably	 have	 to	 undergo	 years	 of	 therapy	 as	 they	 grow
and	 mature.	 I	 don’t	 know	 about	 you,	 Ferg,	 but	 I’m	 ready	 to	 blame	 the	 parents	 here.
Considering	 their	 professions,	 their	 dedication	 to	 their	 careers,	 they	 never	 should	 have
brought	children	into	their	world.	I’m	all	for	love	and	family,	but	look	where	their	children

are.	It’s	just	pure	dumb	luck	that	they	ended	up	with	us.	Think	about	the	other	side	of	that
coin.
Just	think	about	that!”	Charles	said	angrily	as	he	got	up	from	the	table.
“I	 am	 thinking	 about	 that,	 mate,	 and	 I’m	 with	 you.	 For	 now,	 let’s	 just	 be	 grateful	 the
children	are	safe	with	us.	I	wonder	if	the	parents	even	know	they’ve	gone	missing.	For	all
we	know,	they	might	be	totally	clueless.	Which	doesn’t	say	much	for	their	parenting	skills.
What	do	we	do	now?”
“Wait	for	the	kiddies	to	wake	up.	Make	them	some	breakfast	and	hope	we	can	get	some
information	 out	 of	 them	 without	 scaring	 them	 half	 to	 death.	 I	 was	 wondering,	 Ferg.	 Do
you	think	we	should	call	in	Avery?”
“I	don’t	see	how	it	could	hurt.	If	you	plan	on	asking	him	to	come	out	here	to	the	farm,
ask	him	to	bring	one	of	his	female	operatives	with	him.	The	children	react	differently	to	a
female	presence,	a	motherly	type	if	he	has	someone	like	that	on	his	payroll.”
While	Fergus	cleared	the	table	and	cleared	off	the	counter,	Charles	called	the	old	spy
and	 gave	 him	 the	 current	 rundown,	 asking	 about	 the	 availability	 of	 a	 motherly	 female
operative	to	relate	to	the	children.	“We	think	it’s	child	trafficking,	Avery.	You’re	usually
up	on	all	of	that.	What	if	anything	have	you	heard	coming	out	from	the	dark	side?”
Rarely	if	ever	did	Charles	hear	any	kind	of	emotion	in	the	old	spy’s	voice,	but	he	was
hearing	 it	 now.	 So	 was	 Fergus,	 who	 stopped	 rattling	 the	 dishes	 in	 the	 sink	 as	 he,	 too,
listened.
The	fine	hairs	on	the	back	of	Charles’s	neck	moved.	He	waited.	Fergus	inched	closer	to
the	table.
“Where	 have	 you	 been	 of	 late,	 Sir	 Charles?	 Aren’t	 you	 keeping	 up	 with	 the	 news?	 I
know	 you	 and	 the	 ladies	 have	 been	 busy,	 but	 you	 do	 need	 to	 come	 up	 for	 air	 now	 and
again.	What	you	just	told	me	works	into	a	child-trafficking	gang	that	is	so	monstrous	the
different	agencies	can’t	keep	up	with	them.	They	nail	one	person,	and	three	more	sprout
up	 to	 take	 their	 place.	 And	 those	 they	 manage	 to	 catch	 are	 just	 hired	 bodies	 to	 do	 the
transportation.	They	get	paid	and	head	off	into	the	sunset	or	to	the	next	call.	They	get	paid
by	the	head.	In	other	words,	by	the	child.	It’s	a	big	ring,	Sir	Charles.	It	sounds	to	me	like
you	fell	into	the	inside	track	by	pure	dumb	luck.	I’ll	be	out	there	as	soon	as	I	can	clear	my
decks.
“And	I	know	the	perfect	operative	to	bring	with	me.	I	use	her	constantly	because	she’s
the	grandmotherly	type,	and	no	one	gives	her	a	second	glance.	Children	love	her.	Sit	tight,
I’ll	be	there	before	you	know	it.”
Charles	bit	down	on	his	lower	lip,	a	frown	building	on	his	brow.	“As	Jack	would	say,	I
didn’t	 see	 that	 coming.	 I	 Don’t	 remember	 seeing	 or	 hearing	 anything	 in	 regard	 to	 child
trafficking.	What	about	you,	Ferg?”	Fergus	shook	his	head	as	he	hung	the	dish	towel	on
the	handle	of	the	oven	door.
“We	 watch	 the	 news	 every	 night.	 How	 did	 that	 get	 past	 us?	 Jack	 or	 Ted	 and	 Maggie
would	have	said	something.”
Abner	 appeared	 in	 the	 doorway	 and	 said,	 “I’m	 checking	 the	 center	 for	 missing	 and

exploited	children	right	now,	and	from	what	I	can	tell,	these	three	particular	kids	are	not
on	that	list.	I’ve	looked	at	Polly	Klaas’s	and	John	Walsh’s	Web	sites.	Thousands	of	kids,
but	 so	 far,	 not	 our	 three.	 Something	 needs	 to	 be	 done	 about	 this!”	 he	 said,	 jabbing	 his
finger	at	what	was	on	his	computer	screen.	“I	just	had	to	come	up	here	and	tell	you	that,
and	to	see	if	Jack	was	up	and	mobile.”
Charles	shared	Avery	Snowden’s	news.	“Avery’s	on	his	way	and	should	arrive	soon.”
“Did	I	hear	my	name	mentioned	just	now?”	Jack	said	as	he	shuffled	into	the	kitchen	and
headed	straight	for	the	coffeepot.
“You	did	hear	that	right.	Drink	your	coffee	and	we’ll	bring	you	up	to	speed.	You	look
terrible,	by	the	way.	How	do	you	feel?”	Charles	asked.
“I’ve	felt	better.	The	pain	is	gone,	so	that’s	all	I	care	about.	I	feel	sluggish,	but	I	think	a
shower	and	shave	will	have	me	back	up	and	running	shortly.	Any	new	news?”
Jack	 listened	 and	 didn’t	 say	 a	 word	 until	 Cyrus	 reminded	 him	 it	 was	 time	 to	 go	 out.
Fergus	opened	the	door,	and	the	big	dog	scooted	out.	His	only	comment	was,	“What	the
hell	is	Snowden	talking	about?	There	hasn’t	been	anything	on	the	news.	I	keep	the	cable
news	 on	 twenty-four/seven.	 I’d	 remember	 something	 that	 serious.	 He	 is	 in	 the	 United
States,	isn’t	he?”
“I	would	assume	so	since	he	said	he	would	be	here	shortly.	Take	your	coffee	and	head
upstairs	and	take	your	shower.	I	want	you	alert	when	he	gets	here.”
Cyrus	bounded	into	the	room	and	waited	for	his	treat	before	he	galloped	after	Jack.
Charles	threw	his	hands	in	the	air	just	as	Harry	roared	into	the	courtyard	on	his	Ducati.
“I’m	thinking	you	might	need	to	start	cooking	again,	mate.”	Fergus	guffawed.
“I’m	thinking	you’re	wrong.	Harry	is	a	no-breakfast	guy,	and	Jack	won’t	want	anything.
Trust	me.	A	fresh	pot	of	coffee	will	do.	You	might	want	to	boil	some	water	in	case	Harry
wants	tea.”
Fergus	muttered	something	under	his	breath	that	Charles	couldn’t	hear.	He	shrugged	as
Harry	flopped	down	across	the	table	from	Charles.	He	waited,	his	gaze	expectant.
“Jack	is	taking	a	shower.	He’s	sluggish	but	pain	free.	I’ll	bring	you	both	up	to	date	when
he	 joins	 us.	 Avery	 is	 on	 his	 way	 out	 here.	 The	 children	 are	 still	 sleeping.	 There	 was
activity	last	night.	Would	you	like	some	toast,	tea,	some	melon?”
“Tea	is	fine.”
The	little	group	talked	about	everything	and	nothing	as	they	waited	for	the	others	to	join
them.	The	bottom	line	was	there	were	no	rules	when	it	came	to	finding	the	other	missing
children	that	had	been	warehoused	with	Carrie	and	her	siblings.
“What	 I’m	 not	 understanding	 is	 where	 are	 the	 parents	 of	 those	 children?	 Are	 they
orphans,	kids	in	foster	care	whose	caretakers	just	do	it	for	the	money	and	not	report	the
kids	if	they	go	missing?	What	about	the	schools?	Or	are	the	kids	homeschooled?	Carrie
said	they	were	young	like	her	and	Emily	but	that	Andy	was	the	youngest.	Most	of	them,	if
not	all,	are	girls,	at	least	according	to	Carrie.	Sold	to	perverts	and	dirty	old	men,”	Abner
snarled.	“I’d	just	like	to	get	my	hands	on	one	of	them	for	five	minutes.	Five	minutes!”	he

bellowed.
“We	 don’t	 need	 five	 minutes.	 Put	 me	 in	 a	 room	 with	 them,	 and	 all	 I	 need	 is	 five
seconds,”	Harry	said.
“I	hope	it	comes	to	that.	Scum	of	the	earth	is	what	those	sickos	are,”	Abner	said	before
he	went	back	to	what	he	was	doing.
Jack	 entered	 the	 kitchen	 just	 as	 the	 huge	 outside	 gates	 to	 Pinewood	 opened	 to	 admit
Avery	Snowden	and	his	motherly	operative.
Introductions	 were	 made	 before	 Cyrus	 escorted	 Margie	 Chambers	 to	 the	 second	 floor
via	 the	 staircase	 off	 the	 back	 kitchen.	 He	 returned	 almost	 immediately	 to	 take	 up	 his
position	next	to	Jack,	who	was	drinking	coffee.
“Let’s	get	to	it!”	Avery	said.
Ten	minutes	later,	everyone	looked	at	everyone	else,	their	expressions	helplessly	blank.
“We	have	the	inside	track,	so	to	speak,”	Charles	said.	“But	the	kids	are	young	and	are
not	 big	 on	 remembering	 details.	 We	 shouldn’t	 expect	 much	 of	 anything	 from	 them
further.”
“That’s	 what	 Margie	 is	 for.	 She	 used	 to	 be	 a	 teacher	 in	 her	 other	 life.	 She’ll	 have	 the
kids	draw	from	memory.	She	brought	all	the	tools	of	her	trade	with	her.	That’s	where	the
information	will	come	from.	Margie	knows	her	business,”	Snowden	said.
Just	then	the	phone	in	the	center	of	the	table	rang.	It	was	Maggie,	alerting	them	that	she,
Ted,	and	Espinosa	were	heading	back	out	to	Apple	Avenue	to	talk	to	the	neighbors	about
the	Bannons.	She	finished	up	with,	“Dennis	sent	a	text	earlier	saying	he	thinks	he’s	onto
something.	 He	 left	 half	 an	 hour	 ago	 to	 check	 out	 a	 senior	 development	 where	 he	 thinks
Aunt	Betty	resides.	He	said	he	checked	at	least	fifty	locations	last	night,	and	none	of	them
seemed	like	a	place	that	someone	like	Aunt	Betty	would	fit	in.	And,	the	ones	he	checked
out	 do	 not	 allow	 small	 children	 except	 on	 Sunday	 afternoons.	 The	 Granite	 Hill	 Gardens
development	 is	 geared	 to	 people	 fifty	 and	 over.	 He	 says	 it’s	 just	 a	 gut	 feeling,	 but	 he’s
going	to	run	with	it.”
“How	is	he	going	to	find	someone	named	Betty	with	no	last	name?	How	many	houses
or	apartments	are	there	in	Granite	Hill	Gardens,	did	he	say?”	Jack	asked.
“He	 didn’t	 say,	 Jack.	 Dennis	 is	 resourceful,	 you	 know	 that.	 If	 Aunt	 Betty	 lives	 there,
he’ll	find	her.	Okay,	I’ll	report	in	when	we’re	heading	back.”
“I	suggest	we	retire	to	the	war	room.	I’ll	leave	cereal	out	for	the	kiddies	and	some	fruit.
Miss	Margie	can	handle	that	and	whatever	else	she	plans.	Anyone	have	any	questions?”
When	 none	 were	 forthcoming,	 Charles	 settled	 a	 box	 of	 corn	 flakes	 and	 bananas	 on	 the
counter	along	with	three	bowls	and	spoons.	He	led	the	parade	out	to	the	secret	staircase
that	would	take	them	down	to	the	war	room.
Fergus	 turned	 on	 the	 overhead	 light.	 As	 one,	 the	 men	 saluted	 Lady	 Justice,	 then	 took
their	 seats	 at	 the	 table.	 “Seems	 like	 everyone	 has	 a	 job	 but	 me	 and	 Harry.	 What	 do	 you
want	us	to	do,	Charles?”
“Harry	said	you	both	have	contacts	with	some	of	the	agencies,	people	who	like	to	…

um	…	brag	about	how	important	they	are.	If	you	think	you	can	worm	something	out	of
them	that	will	help	us,	go	for	it.	Or	you	might	want	to	arrange	a	face-to-face.	I	always	find
people	are	more	forthcoming	when	there	is	an	actual	dialogue	going	on.	Your	call,	boys.”
Jack	 looked	 at	 Harry,	 who	 shrugged.	 “I	 say	 we	 head	 to	 the	 dojo,	 get	 the	 names	 and
numbers,	then	go	to	the	BOLO	Building	and	work	from	there.	We’ll	have	to	take	my	car
since	Cyrus	will	be	with	us	unless	you	want	to	take	the	cycle	and	meet	me	there.”
“I’ll	meet	you	there.”	Cyrus	raced	to	the	steps	that	would	take	him	out	to	the	main	floor,
where	he	saw	the	children	eating	their	breakfast.	When	no	one	paid	any	attention	to	him,
he	threw	back	his	head	and	howled	at	this	strange	event.	Cooper	yipped	as	much	as	to	say,
Get	over	yourself.
In	the	car,	Cyrus	buckled	up	and	settled	down	for	the	long	ride	into	the	District.
The	 ride	 into	 town	 was	 uneventful.	 Jack,	 his	 thoughts	 racing,	 with	 every	 possibility
under	the	sun	concerning	the	children	working	its	way	through	his	mind,	kept	his	eyes	on
Harry,	who	was	directly	ahead	of	him.
Ninety	minutes	later,	the	hydraulics	of	the	gate	hissed	to	life.	Cyrus	bounded	forward	to
the	kitchen,	where	the	treats	were,	and	waited.	Jack	dutifully	handed	one	out.	“Let’s	work
here	at	the	kitchen	table,	Harry.”	Harry	nodded	to	show	he	was	okay	with	that;	phone	calls
could	 be	 made	 from	 anywhere.	 The	 real	 trick	 was	 going	 to	 be	 getting	 the	 braggarts	 to
agree	to	a	face-to-face.
“Piece	of	cake,	Harry.	Those	guys	are	so	scared	of	you,	they’ll	do	whatever	you	want
them	to	do.”	Harry	beamed	at	the	compliment.
It	only	took	half	an	hour	to	nail	down	four	fifteen-minute	meetings	starting	at	a	quarter
till	twelve.
“Now	what	do	we	do	until	it’s	time	to	leave?”	Harry	grumbled.
“We	could	head	out	to	Apple	Avenue	to	see	if	Maggie	and	the	guys	need	any	help.	Or
we	can	sit	here	and	twiddle	our	thumbs.”
“Let’s	go!”	Harry	said,	jumping	to	his	feet.
Outside,	 Jack	 voiced	 a	 question	 that	 was	 bothering	 him.	 “Harry,	 do	 you	 really	 think
Snowden’s	operative	is	going	to	get	anything	out	of	the	kids	that	will	help	us?”
“She	looked	pretty	capable	to	me.	I’d	say	yes.	Back	in	the	day,	Lily	was	like	that.	She
could	 draw	 the	 story	 better	 than	 she	 could	 verbalize	 it.	 Yoko	 thinks	 she’s	 a	 genius.	 The
truth	is,	all	kids	do	that.	I	read	up	on	it.”
“Well	then,	okay.”
*	*	*
Back	at	Pinewood,	Miss	Margie,	as	Margie	told	the	kids	to	call	her,	moved	her	charges
to	 the	 dining	 room,	 where	 she	 unpacked	 the	 large	 canvas	 bag	 she’d	 brought	 with	 her.
“We’re	 going	 to	 draw	 this	 morning.	 Your	 pictures	 don’t	 have	 to	 be	 perfect.	 That	 means
there	is	no	right	or	wrong.	I’ll	say	something,	then	you	draw	it.	Here	is	the	first	thing	I
want	you	to	remember	and	draw	for	me.	When	Aunt	Betty	lost	you,	draw	me	a	picture	of
the	place	the	people	took	you	to.	Draw	as	many	stick	figures	as	you	can	remember.	Can

you	do	that?”
The	girls	set	to	work,	while	Andy	fidgeted	in	his	chair.	“I	don’t	want	to	color.”
“Because	he	can’t	stay	in	the	lines,”	Emily	chirped.
“Oh,	 Andy,	 I	 don’t	 care	 about	 staying	 in	 the	 lines.	 That’s	 not	 important	 to	 me.	 I	 just
want	 you	 to	 color	 for	 me.	 Pick	 whatever	 color	 you	 want,	 and	 if	 you	 want	 to	 draw
something	different,	that’s	okay,	too.”
The	little	boy	reached	for	a	purple	crayon.	He	opened	his	sketch	pad	and	set	to	work.
“Mommy	likes	purple,”	he	said	as	he	started	to	scribble	on	his	pad.
“Use	as	many	pages	as	you	need.	Tell	me	the	whole	story,”	Margie	said	playfully.
The	game	was	on	as	the	children	rushed	to	fill	the	pages	for	Miss	Margie’s	approval	and
the	promise	of	hanging	the	best	on	the	refrigerator	along	with	a	huge	gold	star.
Margie	watched	the	children	carefully.	There	was	almost	a	frenzy	to	the	way	Carrie	and
Emily	were	drawing.	Andy,	on	the	other	hand,	seemed	intent	only	on	covering	the	entire
paper	in	front	of	him	with	his	purple	crayon.
Thirty	minutes	passed,	and	the	girls	were	still	going	full	bore,	flipping	the	pages	in	the
sketch	pad	to	a	clean	sheet.	A	sick	feeling	settled	in	the	pit	of	Margie’s	stomach.
Another	fifteen	minutes	went	by	before	Margie	called	a	halt.	“That’s	enough	for	now.
Let’s	go	outside	and	take	a	walk.	Maybe	we	can	pick	some	flowers	for	Sir	Charles	to	put
on	the	table	when	he	serves	lunch.”
Andy	hopped	off	his	chair	and	ran	to	the	door,	where	Cooper	was	waiting	for	him.	The
strange,	mystical	dog	allowed	the	little	boy	to	hug	him	and	tickle	his	ears.
“Do	you	have	a	dog	or	pet	at	home,	Andy?”
“No.	 Daddy	 said	 we	 aren’t	 old	 enough	 to	 take	 …	 to	 take	 care	 of	 them.	 Emily	 had	 a
goldfish,	but	it	went	to	sleep	on	top	of	the	water.”
“Uh-huh.	Let’s	not	go	there,	Andy.	Come	along,	children,	it’s	a	beautiful	day	outside.”
Carrie	 remained	 in	 her	 chair.	 “I’ll	 stay	 here	 so	 no	 one	 takes	 our	 pictures.	 You	 should
never	leave	anything	behind;	you	have	to	keep	it	safe.”
“There’s	 no	 one	 here	 who	 will	 take	 your	 pictures,	 Carrie.	 We	 can	 close	 and	 lock	 the
door	when	we	leave.	Will	that	work	for	you?”
“Mommy	would	say	no,	that’s	not	all	right,”	Emily	said.	Carrie’s	head	bobbed	up	and
down.
“I	 promise	 nothing	 will	 happen	 to	 your	 drawings.	 No	 one	 will	 see	 them.	 Come	 along
now.	Watch,	I’m	locking	the	door,	and	I’m	putting	the	key	in	my	pocket.	If	you	like,	we
can	ask	Cooper	to	stay	here	and	guard	the	room.	Will	that	work	for	you?”
“I	guess	so,”	Carrie	said.
Cooper	seemed	to	know	what	he	was	supposed	to	do	without	being	told.	He	stretched
out	across	the	doorway	and	closed	his	eyes.

Outside,	 as	 Margie	 steered	 her	 little	 group	 down	 a	 flower-bordered	 path,	 stopping	 as
Andy	pulled	off	flower	heads	with	no	regard	to	the	stem,	she	asked	questions	in	a	tone	of
voice	that	was	neither	harsh	nor	threatening.	“Tell	me	what	Aunt	Betty	looks	like.	You	go
first,	Emily.”
“Sometimes	she’s	pretty.	She	has	lots	of	clothes.	In	two	closets.	When	she	picks	us	up,
she	wears	her	white	hair.	She	has	brown	hair,	too.”
“Red!”	Andy	chimed	in.	“Curly	like	mine.”
“Do	you	know	where	she	lives?	Like	the	numbers	on	her	house	or	mailbox?”	All	three
children	shook	their	heads.
Andy	stopped	on	the	path.	“She	lives	in	a	house.”
“Wonderful!”	Margie	said,	putting	as	much	enthusiasm	in	her	voice	as	she	could.
“Why	does	your	Aunt	Betty	have	a	lot	of	clothes?	Does	she	like	to	get	dressed	up?”
“We’re	not	supposed	to	talk	about	Aunt	Betty,”	Carrie	said.
“Oh,	I	didn’t	know	that,	Carrie.	I’m	sorry.	I	just	thought	if	we	could	find	her,	it	would
make	it	easier	for	us	to	find	your	mom	and	dad.”
Carrie	made	a	face.	“She	lost	us.	She	left	us	at	the	mall,	and	those	people	took	us.”
“Maybe	someone	took	your	Aunt	Betty	the	way	they	took	you,	and	that’s	why	she	lost
you.	I	bet	that’s	what	happened.”
“No	 one	 can	 steal	 Aunt	 Betty.	 She	 has	 a	 gun	 in	 her	 purse,”	 Emily	 said,	 disgust	 at
Margie’s	suggestion	written	all	over	her	little	face.
“I	want	to	go	home,”	Andy	started	to	wail	as	he	plopped	down	on	the	path.
Margie	dropped	to	her	knees	beside	the	little	boy.	“And	we	all	want	to	take	you	home,
but	we	don’t	know	where	you	live.	We	thought	Aunt	Betty	could	help	us.	Do	you	know
anyone	at	all	who	can	help	us	find	your	parents?	What	do	they	do?	What’s	their	job,	do
you	know?”
“It’s	secret,”	Emily	said.
“We	don’t	know,	our	parents	never	talk	about	it	to	us,”	Carrie	said.
“Can	we	go	back	now?	I’m	thirsty,”	Andy	blubbered.
“Of	course	we	can,	little	man,”	Margie	said	cheerfully.	“Come	along,	girls.”
Margie	used	up	ten	minutes	in	the	kitchen	pouring	glasses	of	orange	juice	for	the	kids
while	she	looked	for	a	small	vase	to	put	the	flowers	in.
“Ready?”
The	kids	remained	silent	as	they	trudged	behind	Margie	back	to	the	dining	room,	where
she	made	a	big	production	of	opening	the	lock	and	motioning	for	Cooper	to	lead	the	way,
which	he	did.	She	made	another	production	out	of	rummaging	in	her	carryall	for	the	big
gold	stars	she	planned	to	attach	to	the	kids’	artwork.
“Who	 wants	 to	 go	 first?”	 No	 one	 responded.	 “Well,	 then,	 since	 you’re	 the	 oldest,	 I

guess	you	go	first,	Carrie.	Tell	me	what	your	drawings	mean.”
Carrie	fidgeted	in	her	seat.	She	finally	sucked	in	her	breath	and	opened	her	sketch	pad.
She	held	it	up	for	Margie	to	see.	“What	does	it	mean,	Carrie?”
“This	is	the	place	the	men	took	us	after	Aunt	Betty	lost	us.”
“What	are	all	these	squares?”
“Boxes.	Some	are	pretty	and	shiny.	Some	have	blankets	in	them.”
“How	many?	You	have	six	here.	Were	there	more?”
Carrie	 flipped	 the	 page.	 There	 were	 squares	 covering	 the	 entire	 page.	 “That’s	 a	 lot	 of
boxes,”	Margie	said.	“Were	there	other	children	there	when	you	got	there?”
Carrie	flipped	to	another	page.	Nine	stick	figures	clustered	together,	each	with	a	number
over	the	stick	figure’s	head.	“So	that	means	twelve	kids,	counting	you	three,	right?”
Carrie’s	head	bobbed	up	and	down	as	she	flipped	another	page.
“Is	this	outside	where	you	were?”	Carrie	nodded.
“It	smelled	bad.	You	had	to	hold	your	nose,”	Emily	said.
“What	is	it?”
“A	place	to	cook.	The	monster	lady	told	us	if	we	didn’t	stop	crying,	she	would	cook	us
in	it.	We	tried	not	to	cry,”	Emily	said.
A	 wild	 idea	 ripped	 through	 Margie’s	 mind,	 but	 she	 said	 nothing.	 “What’s	 on	 the	 next
page?”
“Jars	with	flowers	and	letters.	Big	fat	candles.”
“Where	did	you	kids	sleep?”
Emily	 opened	 her	 sketch	 pad.	 “We	 slept	 in	 the	 box.	 They	 let	 Andy	 sleep	 with	 me
because	he	wouldn’t	stop	crying.”	She	flipped	the	page.	“This	is	the	Princess	Queen!
“She	was	the	only	one	who	got	the	pretty	dress.	And	that	crown	on	her	head.	She	got
picked	 first.	 No	 one	 wanted	 Carrie	 and	 me	 because	 we	 …	 why	 didn’t	 they	 want	 us,
Carrie?”
“’Cause	we’re	mixed	up.	The	monster	lady	said	someone	would	pick	us	sooner	or	later
if	the	price	was	right.”
Margie	swallowed	hard.	“Well,	now,	that	didn’t	happen,	did	it?	You	are	safe	and	sound,
and	we’re	going	to	find	your	parents	and	take	you	to	them.	Think,	Carrie,	you	too,	Emily,
when	they	took	you	from	the	mall,	how	long	were	you	in	the	van?	Was	it	a	long	time	or
did	it	just	take	a	little	while?”
Carrie’s	face	puckered	up.	“I	can	tell	time	but	not	real	good.	I	think	one	hour.	I	looked
at	my	phone	before	they	took	it	away	from	me.”
“That’s	real	good,	Carrie.”	Margie	looked	at	the	watch	on	her	wrist.	“I’m	going	to	see
what	the	gentlemen	have	in	store	for	us	for	lunch.	I’d	like	you	to	keep	drawing,	anything
you	think	will	help	us	find	your	parents	and	your	Aunt	Betty.”

“She’s	not	our	real	aunt,”	Emily	said.	“Uncle	John	isn’t	our	real	uncle	either.	They’re	…
what	is	it,	Carrie?”
“Pretend,”	 Carrie	 said,	 glaring	 at	 her	 sister.	 “And	 you	 aren’t	 supposed	 to	 tell	 that	 to
anyone.”
“I	don’t	care.	I	just	want	to	go	home.	I	hate	it	here.	I	want	Mommy	and	Daddy.	I	want	to
go	home,”	Emily	wailed.
Margie	did	her	best	to	comfort	the	little	girl.	“How	does	ice	cream	sound	for	dessert?”
she	asked	as	she	tried	to	distract	the	child.
“Strawberry?”
“Let	me	see	what	I	can	do.	In	the	meantime,	you	kids	keep	drawing	me	pictures,	okay?
Even	if	you	think	it’s	not	important,	draw	it	anyway.	Cooper	will	watch	over	you	while
I’m	getting	lunch.”
Margie	 Chambers	 stood	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 spacious	 kitchen	 and	 raised	 her	 eyes
upward.	 She	 knew	 where	 the	 kids	 had	 been	 taken.	 Now	 she	 had	 to	 tell	 her	 boss.	 She
pressed	 the	 number	 2	 on	 her	 cell	 and	 waited.	 “Come	 up	 to	 the	 kitchen.	 I	 think	 I	 know
where	the	kids	were	held.	I’m	making	them	lunch	right	now.”
“Where?”	Snowden	barked.
“I’ll	tell	you	when	you	get	up	here.”

Chapter	Six

Allison	Bannon,	aka	too	many	aliases	to	remember,	stared	at	the	red	numerals	on	the	tiny
bedside	clock—3:10.	The	bed	was	lumpy,	and	yet,	somehow,	it	was	almost	comfortable.
Steven	 Bannon,	 her	 husband,	 her	 partner,	 her	 teammate,	 snored	 lightly	 next	 to	 her.	 The
sound	annoyed	her.	Steven	annoyed	her.	He’d	annoyed	her	for	years	now,	and	it	was	time
she	started	thinking	about	doing	something	about	it.	Everything	in	this	screwed-up	life	she
was	leading	annoyed	her.	She	hugged	her	arms	to	her	chest	as	a	lone	tear	rolled	down	her
cheek.	 She	 didn’t	 bother	 to	 move	 to	 wipe	 it	 away	 because	 if	 she	 did	 that,	 she	 knew	 a
waterfall	would	start.	Besides,	special	government	agents	didn’t	cry.	Special	government
agents	were	tough.	Almost	inhuman,	with	no	emotions.
I	 can’t	 do	 this	 anymore.	 I	 don’t	 want	 to	 do	 this	 anymore.	 I	 want	 a	 life.	 Fifteen	 years
serving	the	United	States	government	on	American	and	foreign	soil	is	enough.	She	wanted
out,	and	she	wanted	out	now.
All	she	had	to	do	was	slip	out	of	the	lumpy	bed;	pull	on	her	boots,	because	she	always
slept	in	her	clothes	for	a	quick	getaway;	and	walk	out	the	door.	That’s	all	she	had	to	do.
Steven	would	never	know	she	was	gone	till	he	woke	in	the	morning.	She’d	leave	it	up	to
him	 to	 make	 up	 some	 story	 to	 tell	 the	 other	 three	 men	 on	 the	 five-person	 team	 she	 was
leaving	behind.	He’d	find	her,	though,	because	he	knew	exactly	where	she	would	go.	And
then	there	would	be	a	huge	blowout	between	them,	with	their	handler	stepping	in.	Well,
not	this	time.	This	time,	she	was	really	done.	And	she	didn’t	give	a	good	rat’s	ass	about
anyone	or	anything	except	her	kids.
For	a	week	now,	she’d	tried	through	all	the	channels	set	up	with	her	handler	to	get	some
face	time	with	her	kids,	all	to	no	avail.	She	was	given	one	excuse	after	another	as	to	why
that	couldn’t	happen.	Steven	didn’t	seem	the	least	bit	concerned,	but	she	was	having	none
of	 it.	 She’d	 tried	 calling	 Betty,	 Andrea,	 and	 all	 the	 other	 agents,	 supposedly	 substitute
parents,	who	looked	after	her	kids,	but	every	single	call	went	straight	to	voice	mail.	Eight
days	had	passed	since	that	initial	conversation,	and	nothing	had	happened.	She	was	now
on	her	last	nerve.
Allison	 moved	 then,	 just	 slightly,	 waited	 to	 see	 if	 Steven	 would	 wake,	 but	 he	 just
continued	 to	 snore.	 She	 moved	 again,	 stood	 up,	 pulled	 on	 her	 boots,	 reached	 under	 her
pillow	for	her	Sig	Sauer,	and	stuck	it	in	the	back	of	her	jeans.	The	rest	of	her	arsenal	was
in	 her	 backpack,	 which	 weighed	 thirty-eight	 pounds.	 It	 held	 her	 life,	 her	 very	 survival.
Steven	had	an	identical	backpack,	as	did	the	other	members	of	her	team.	Between	the	five
of	them,	they	called	the	packs	their	L&D	packs,	which	meant	live	or	die.
Allison	 was	 almost	 to	 the	 door	 when	 she	 heard	 her	 husband	 ask	 her	 where	 she	 was
going.	Answer	or	not?	She	sucked	in	her	breath,	wondering	if	this	was	going	to	escalate	to
something	ugly	they’d	both	regret.	The	answer	was	yes.
“I’m	 going	 to	 find	 my	 kids.	 I’m	 done,	 Steven.	 You’re	 in	 charge	 now.	 That’s	 what
you’ve	always	wanted.	Well,	now	you	have	it.”	Without	another	word,	Allison	was	out	the
door	and	headed	to	the	Jeep	they’d	arrived	in	the	night	before.
Steven	 was	 right	 behind	 her,	 pulling	 on	 his	 boots	 as	 he	 hobbled	 after	 her.	 “You	 can’t

walk	off	a	mission	like	you’re	going	out	for	a	loaf	of	bread.”
“Is	that	what	you	think?	Watch	me.	Try	to	stop	me,	and	I	will	shoot	you.	You	know	I
will,	Steven.	So	stop	right	there.”
“What	the	hell	has	gotten	into	you,	Ally?	We’re	so	close	now.	We	almost	…”
“Almost!	Almost!	Almost	isn’t	good	enough	anymore.	We’ve	been	chasing	the	Karas
brothers	 and	 their	 child-trafficking	 organization	 for	 three	 years,	 and	 we’re	 no	 closer	 to
finding	them	than	we	were	three	years	ago,	when	we	started	out.	Something’s	wrong	here,
and	I	don’t	like	what	I’m	smelling.	Someone	in	this	little	team	is	not	who	he	seems	to	be.	I
think	it’s	you,	you	son	of	a	bitch!	You’re	a	traitor.	Right	now,	I	don’t	even	care	about	that.
All	I	care	about	is	my	kids.	Those	goddamn	people	have	my	kids,	I	know	it.	I	know	it!”
Allison	screamed	in	the	quiet	night.	“And	I’m	going	to	get	them	back.	Me.	Just	me.	Run
along	now	and	report	to	Luka.	And	when	you	talk	to	him,	tell	him	if	he	gets	in	my	way,
I’ll	shoot	him,	too.”
Allison	 knew	 she	 had	 the	 advantage	 because	 Steven	 had	 to	 go	 back	 into	 the	 rattrap
rental	for	his	backpack.	She	hopped	into	the	Jeep	and	tore	out	of	the	parking	lot	burning
rubber.	She	didn’t	look	back.	Let	Steven	and	the	team	find	their	own	way	from	here	on.
From	this	point	on,	she	was	going	solo	and	would	depend	on	no	one	but	herself.
As	 she	 drove	 through	 the	 dark,	 quiet	 night,	 she	 reviewed	 her	 life	 with	 the	 Agency.
Fifteen	years	she’d	given	them.	And	they	lost	her	kids,	something	they	promised	would
never	happen.	And	no	one	was	doing	a	thing	to	find	them.	All	they	were	doing	was	lying
to	her.	For	all	she	knew,	they	were	on	some	boat	waiting	to	be	sold	to	the	highest	bidder
for	things	she	didn’t	even	want	to	think	about.
It	 had	 been	 so	 glamorous	 in	 the	 beginning,	 when	 she’d	 been	 recruited	 right	 out	 of
college.	The	life	of	a	dangerous	spy.	It	was	right	up	there	with	all	the	stars	in	the	sky.	Mata
Hari,	slinky	gowns,	speeding	cars.	Action!	She	took	to	the	training	like	a	seal	to	water.	She
excelled,	 graduating	 at	 the	 top	 of	 every	 class.	 There	 was	 nothing	 she	 couldn’t	 ace.	 She
could	fieldstrip	a	weapon	in	the	dark	with	her	eyes	closed.	She	was	the	best	sniper	to	come
out	of	Langley,	also	known	as	The	Farm.	The	prestigious	CIA.	She	was	the	fastest	on	the
field	 and	 outdid	 her	 instructors	 every	 single	 time,	 earning	 her	 the	 title	 of	 the	 Bionic
Woman	after	the	famous	character	in	an	old	television	series.	She	was	the	best	of	the	best,
and	no	one	had	ever	had	the	audacity	to	challenge	that	claim.
Allison	slowed	when	she	saw	neon	lights	ahead	on	the	road.	She	stopped.	She	needed
gas	and	some	coffee.	And	a	new	supply	of	burner	phones.	She	was	in	and	out	and	back	on
the	road	in	twenty	minutes.
Ten	miles	down	the	road,	she	saw	a	turnoff	that	would	take	her	to	a	strip	mall	set	far
back	from	the	road.	Across	the	road	from	the	ratty	mall	was	a	run-down	trailer	park.	She
had	to	ditch	the	Jeep	and	see	if	she	could	hot-wire	a	stolen	vehicle.	No	sense	letting	her
handlers	follow	all	the	GPS	trackers	they	had	on	everything	she	owned.
Allison	headed	straight	for	the	trailer	park	and	drove	around	till	she	found	what	she	was
looking	for.	An	old	Bronco	with	a	lot	of	leaves	and	debris	on	the	hood.	Whoever	owned	it
obviously	didn’t	drive	it	much.	She	stashed	the	Jeep	in	the	far	corner	but	not	before	she
ripped	off	the	trackers,	knowing	she	was	probably	missing	a	few	of	them.	She	tossed	them

as	far	as	she	could	and	hoped	for	the	best.	In	the	next	aisle,	she	noticed	a	tarp	covering	a
car.	 She	 ripped	 it	 off	 and	 settled	 it	 over	 the	 Jeep.	 At	 least	 it	 wouldn’t	 show	 up	 like	 a
beacon	in	the	night.	It	would	allow	for	a	small	head	start	but	not	by	much.
There	 was	 no	 need	 to	 hot-wire	 the	 Bronco.	 The	 key	 was	 in	 the	 ignition.	 Trusting	 lot,
these	trailer	owners,	she	thought.	And	the	gas	tank	was	full.
Allison	let	her	thoughts	go	to	her	children.	To	all	the	mistakes	she’d	made	when	she	put
her	career	ahead	of	her	family.	She	deeply	regretted	each	and	every	one	of	them.	Nothing
she’d	accomplished	could	ever	take	the	place	of	missing	the	kids’	first	tottering	steps,	the
loss	 of	 their	 first	 tooth,	 the	 gold	 star	 on	 a	 spelling	 paper,	 the	 warm	 hugs	 and	 kisses,	 the
sweet,	innocent	baby	smell.	Nothing.
Tears	leaked	from	her	eyes	and	rolled	down	her	cheeks.
Allison	knew	she	needed	a	plan.	She	needed	to	find	a	place	to	hide	out	for	a	day	or	so	to
get	her	wits	together.	She	was	smart	enough	to	know	she	was	going	to	get	one	shot	at	what
she	was	trying	to	do,	and	if	she	flubbed	it,	her	kids	would	be	lost	to	her	forever.	Well,	that
was	not	going	to	happen.
The	sun	was	starting	to	creep	toward	the	horizon	when	Allison	saw	a	sign	advertising	a
mom-and-pop	rest	stop.	They’d	take	cash	and	ask	no	questions,	and	hopefully	it	would	be
a	clean	place	where	she	could	catch	a	few	hours’	rest	and	take	a	long,	hot	shower	and	put
on	some	clean	clothes.	Then	she’d	make	a	plan.
The	inn	was	a	cozy	little	place	with	just	eight	rooms.	She	signed	in,	paid	cash,	took	the
key,	 and	 walked	 around	 the	 corner	 to	 her	 new	 digs.	 The	 room	 was	 just	 as	 she	 hoped	 it
would	 be.	 Clean,	 nice	 soap,	 comfortable	 bed.	 Four	 hours,	 and	 she	 should	 be	 up	 and
clicking	on	all	cylinders.	For	now,	it	was	the	only	plan	on	the	agenda.
Allison	 did	 everything	 she’d	 promised	 herself.	 She	 washed	 her	 hair,	 stood	 under	 the
shower	 until	 the	 water	 ran	 cold,	 brushed	 her	 teeth	 three	 times	 before	 she	 crawled	 naked
between	 the	 cool	 sheets.	 She	 set	 her	 internal	 clock	 to	 wake	 up	 in	 four	 hours.	 She	 woke
with	one	minute	to	spare,	feeling	like	she	could	take	on	the	world.
She	ordered	a	fried	egg	on	a	bagel	and	a	huge	pot	of	coffee	from	the	limited	menu	next
to	the	phone.	She	couldn’t	ever	remember	anything	tasting	so	good.
A	plan.	She	was	smart	enough	to	know	by	now	that	Steven	had	notified	Luka,	and	the
hunt	for	her	would	be	on.	They’d	sanction	her.	Agent	gone	rogue.	Armed	and	dangerous.
In	other	words,	if	necessary,	shoot	to	wound.	With	no	results,	that	order	would	change	to
STK,	shoot	to	kill.	Her	people	didn’t	mess	around.
Allison	sat	down	at	the	little	desk	under	the	window.	She	pulled	a	blank	sheet	of	paper
toward	her.	She	reached	for	a	pen.	She	had	known	that	this	day	would	come	at	some	point
and	 had	 taken	 steps	 toward	 this	 moment.	 She	 had	 the	 next	 best	 thing	 to	 a	 photographic
memory	and	didn’t	trust	herself	to	put	anything	in	writing	or	on	a	computer.	But	right	now,
she	 wanted	 to	 see	 her	 short	 list	 of	 people	 she	 knew	 she	 could	 count	 on,	 a	 short	 list	 of
people	who	would	have	her	back.	She	needed	to	see	it	in	black	and	white.	With	her	own
eyes.	What	the	eye	saw,	you	could	never	take	away.
1.	Lizzie	Fox.

2.	Harry	Wong.
3.	Ethan	Franz.
Three	people!	Just	three	people	she	could	depend	on.	Pretty	damn	sad,	she	thought.
Lizzie	Fox	had	her	POA,	power	of	attorney,	and	as	such	had	set	up	a	safe	haven	for	her
if	she	ever	had	to	take	it	on	the	run.	Harry	Wong	had	turned	her	into	the	lethal	person	the
powers	that	be	had	ordered.	And	Ethan	Franz	controlled	her	money,	and	there	was	plenty
of	money,	enough	to	last	her	and	her	family	through	ten	lifetimes.	Better	not	to	think	about
where	all	that	money	came	from	right	now.	No	one	knew	about	the	money	except	Lizzie
and	Ethan	and	herself.	Technically,	she	supposed	she’d	stolen	it,	but	the	truth	was,	she	had
found	it.	By	accident.	On	a	drug	bust	eight	years	ago.	Ten	teams	of	agents	had	scoured	the
three	 acres	 where	 the	 bust	 went	 down.	 Two	 weeks	 later,	 they	 closed	 the	 case,	 and	 the
money	was	forgotten,	all	$57	million	of	unmarked	money	that	had	already	been	laundered.
It	had	bothered	her	that	the	money	had	never	been	found,	so	six	weeks	later	she	went	back
to	the	area	and	plopped	herself	down	and	let	her	memory	go	to	work.	There	had	been	one
squirrely	dude	whom	she’d	watched	because	she	thought	he	was	the	one	who	would	give
it	up,	but	he	hadn’t.	But	his	eyes	gave	him	away.
First	rule	of	thumb:	If	you	want	to	hide	something,	hide	it	in	plain	sight.	Uh-huh.	She
remembered	how	she’d	let	her	eyes	do	the	same	dance	the	squirrely	dude	had	performed;
and	 then	 she	 saw	 it.	 Six	 straggly	 pine	 shoots	 each	 no	 more	 than	 a	 foot	 high.	 And	 there
wasn’t	 a	 pine	 tree	 to	 be	 seen	 for	 miles.	 She	 stared	 at	 them	 for	 a	 long	 time	 before	 she
started	digging	with	her	bare	hands.	In	the	end,	she’d	had	to	use	a	shovel	and	dig	down
five	feet	before	she	found	four	trash	bags	full	of	shrink-wrapped	money.
She	remembered	staring	at	the	money	for	well	over	an	hour.	She	was	a	federal	agent,	an
officer	 of	 the	 law	 that	 she’d	 sworn	 to	 uphold.	 If	 she	 put	 it	 back,	 it	 would	 just	 rot	 in	 the
ground.	The	case	was	closed.	The	drug	dealers	would	be	in	jail	for	the	rest	of	their	natural
lives.	They	weren’t	going	to	talk,	not	now.
Finders	keepers.
She’d	 lugged	 the	 bags	 back	 to	 her	 SUV,	 shoved	 them	 in	 the	 cargo	 hold,	 and	 drove	 a
hundred	 miles	 out	 of	 her	 way	 to	 a	 small	 town	 outside	 Memphis,	 Tennessee,	 where	 she
rented	 a	 storage	 unit	 for	 a	 five-year	 contract	 that	 she	 paid	 for	 up	 front	 in	 cash.	 She’d
renewed	the	contract	once	for	a	second	five-year	term.	And	she’d	never	touched	a	penny
of	 the	 money.	 Technically,	 that	 is.	 She’d	 faithfully	 sent	 Ethan	 Franz	 $150,000	 twice	 a
month	for	the	last	ten	years	to	invest	for	her.
Her	plan,	if	you	could	call	it	a	plan,	was	to	retire	on	her	investments,	which	were	now
beyond	the	robust	stage,	and	somehow	figure	out	a	way	to	return	the	original	$57	million
to	the	government.	There	was	a	lot	to	be	said	for	being	an	entrepreneur.
No,	money	was	not	a	problem.
Allison	 put	 a	 check	 mark	 next	 to	 Lizzie	 Fox’s	 name.	 Then	 she	 plugged	 in	 one	 of	 the
new	burner	phones	and	waited.	It	took	her	less	than	three	minutes	to	program	the	phone;
then	she	dialed	the	special	cell-phone	number	Lizzie	had	given	her	so	many	years	ago.	It
rang	three	times	before	the	call	was	answered.

Allison	cleared	her	throat.	“Lizzie,	do	you	know	who	this	is?”
“Tea	Pope,”	was	the	immediate	response.	Allison	had	the	crazy	thought	that	Lizzie	was
just	sitting	there	waiting	for	her	call.
Allison	closed	her	eyes	at	the	sound	of	her	birth	name.	“Today,	I	go	by	Allison	Bannon.
I	need	your	help.”
“Talk	to	me,”	Lizzie	said	softly.
Allison	laid	it	all	out	quick	and	fast.	“I	need	a	car,	a	clean	one.	Paperwork	should	all	be
in	 the	 name	 of	 Doris	 Brown.	 Use	 the	 address	 of	 the	 safe	 house.	 Right	 now,	 I	 am	 in
Tennessee.	I	need	you	to	call	Ethan	and	have	him	activate	the	Doris	Brown	bank	account.
Twenty	thousand	should	do	it	for	now.	I’m	driving	a	stolen	Bronco	I	need	to	get	rid	of.	Do
you	know	anyone	who	can	take	it	off	my	hands	and	make	it	disappear?”
“I	do,”	Lizzie	said.	“Where	are	you	going	to	go,	Allison?”
“To	 find	 my	 kids.	 I’ll	 do	 whatever	 I	 have	 to	 do	 to	 get	 them.	 If	 …	 if	 something	 goes
wrong,	you	know	what	to	do,	right?”
“I	do,	Allison.	What	about	Steven?”
“We’re	done.	We’ve	been	done	for	years	now.	He’s	never	gotten	over	the	fact	that	I	was
made	team	leader,	and	he’s	my	second.	I	stopped	trusting	him	a	long	time	ago.	I	believe
he’s	a	traitor.	I	knew	there	was	a	mole	in	the	nest,	but	I	never	thought	it	was	my	husband.	I
was	wrong,	Lizzie.	The	rest	of	the	team,	they’re	all	rock	solid.	I	can’t	worry	about	them
now.	Call	me	when	you	have	me	set	up.	We	good,	Lizzie?”
“We’re	good,	Allison.	Listen,	if	you	get	in	a	bind,	I	know	some	very	good	people	who
will	be	only	too	glad	to	help	you.	You	know	one	of	them	already,	Harry	Wong.	Promise
me	you’ll	ask	for	help	if	you	need	it.”
“I	promise.	Thanks,	Lizzie.”
Allison	 found	 herself	 doodling	 on	 the	 paper	 in	 front	 of	 her.	 She	 drew	 circles,	 then
arrows,	then	more	circles	around	Harry	Wong’s	name.	For	some	reason,	it	didn’t	surprise
her	in	the	least	that	Lizzie	Fox	knew	Harry	Wong.
Nothing	to	do	now	but	wait.
*	*	*
The	 clock	 in	 the	 Pinewood	 hallway	 struck	 twelve.	 Twelve	 o’clock	 meant	 lunchtime.
Jack	Emery	wasn’t	hungry,	and	his	mouth	was	still	tender,	so	he	settled	for	his	fourth	or
fifth	 cup	 of	 coffee,	 he	 couldn’t	 remember	 which.	 He	 sat	 down	 at	 the	 table	 and	 was
surprised	 to	 see	 Cooper	 come	 through	 the	 door	 right	 on	 Harry’s	 heels.	 The	 strange,
mystical	dog	ambled	over	to	Jack	the	way	he	always	did	for	a	soft	tickle	to	the	sweet	spot
between	 his	 eyes	 just	 long	 enough	 for	 a	 thought	 to	 enter	 Jack’s	 head.	 Jack	 didn’t
disappoint	him.	Satisfied	that	his	job	was	done,	Cooper	ambled	back	out	of	the	room.
“A	little	TLC.”	Harry	guffawed.
“Who	is	Tea	Pope?”
“What?”

“You	heard	me.	Who	is	Tea	Pope?”
Harry	smacked	at	his	forehead.	In	a	strangled-sounding	voice,	he	demanded	that	Jack
tell	 him	 where	 he	 had	 come	 up	 with	 that	 name.	 Jack	 shrugged.	 “It	 just	 popped	 into	 my
head.	Why?	Who	is	she,	Harry?	An	old	girlfriend,	what?”
“Just	like	that,	you	came	up	with	her	name.	Out	of	the	blue?	Why?”
“I	 just	 said	 I	 don’t	 know.	 I	 was	 petting	 Cooper	 and	 then	 I	 …	 Oh,	 shit!	 He	 put	 that
thought	in	my	head.	He’s	done	it	before.	Son	of	a	bitch!	Okay,	okay,	who	is	she?”
“She	was	the	best	student	I	ever	had.	She’s	the	one	in	the	center	of	the	wall	of	pictures
at	the	dojo.	She	has	the	center	spot	because	no	one	ever	came	close	to	her.	She’s	in	a	class
all	by	herself.	She’s	her	own	weapon.	Black	belt.	Honors.	The	truth	is,	and	I	hate	to	say	it
out	loud,	but	the	woman	is	a	killing	machine.	That’s	what	her	superiors	wanted,	and	that’s
what	 they	 got.	 All	 one	 hundred	 and	 fifteen	 pounds	 of	 her.	 They	 called	 her	 the	 Bionic
Woman,	and	not	because	she	had	artificial	parts	or	anything.	It	was	just	that	she	was	…
hell,	I	don’t	know	what	she	was,	but	she	was	something	special.”
“What	happened	to	her?”
“I	 have	 no	 clue.	 I	 never	 saw	 or	 heard	 from	 her	 again	 after	 she	 graduated.	 I	 did	 ask
around	 for	 a	 little	 while,	 but	 no	 one	 would	 admit	 they	 knew	 her	 or	 even	 that	 there	 was
such	a	person	as	Tea	Pope.”
“Better	than	you,	Harry?”	Jack	asked	curiously.	He	fully	expected	his	old	friend	to	deny
it,	but	he	didn’t.	He	watched	as	Harry	thought	about	the	question.	“No,	not	better,	but	if	it
came	 to	 a	 contest,	 we’d	 both	 be	 bloodied	 and	 battered.	 She’s	 my	 match.	 What	 does	 it
mean,	Jack?”
“Damned	 if	 I	 know.	 Obviously,	 Cooper	 seems	 to	 think	 we	 need	 to	 know	 about	 her.
Here’s	 a	 stretch.	 Maybe	 she’s	 the	 kids’	 mother.	 That	 would	 make	 some	 kind	 of	 sense,
don’t	you	think?”
“Well,	I’m	suddenly	thinking	we	should	find	her.	Where’s	Abner?”	Harry	asked.
“Down	in	the	war	room,”	Jack	said,	and	descended	the	secret	staircase	that	took	them
down	to	the	war	room,	where	Abner	was	toiling	over	his	laptop.
“We	 need	 you	 to	 stop	 what	 you’re	 doing,	 Abner,	 and	 hack	 into	 something	 and	 find	 a
Langley	recruit	named	Tea	Pope.”
“Why?”
“Because	Cooper	told	us	to	do	that.	Is	that	good	enough	for	you?”	Jack	snapped.
Abner	shrugged,	then	rolled	his	eyes.	“I	didn’t	come	across	that	name	yesterday,	when	I
hacked	into	the	files.	Right,	right,	okay,	I’ll	try	again.	Just	so	you	know,	if	they	erased	her
true	identity,	then	it’s	probably	gone	for	good.”
Jack	 stood	 in	 the	 center	 of	 the	 room	 listening	 to	 what	 was	 going	 on.	 Everyone	 was
talking	 on	 top	 of	 everyone	 else	 and	 answering	 each	 other	 at	 the	 same	 time.	 In	 a
cockamamy	 way	 he	 understood	 it	 all	 because	 they	 were	 so	 attuned	 to	 each	 other.	 He
listened	as	Maggie	said	her	team	drew	a	blank	back	on	Apple	Avenue,	no	one	knew	the
Bannons,	and	they	were	never	part	of	the	neighborhood	and	even	in	broad	daylight	no	one

would	be	able	to	point	to	them	as	the	Bannons.
Dennis	 echoed	 Maggie’s	 report	 with	 one	 exception,	 Betty,	 who	 minded	 the	 Bannons’
kids,	lived	in	a	residence	where	there	was	top-notch	security	with	no	chances	of	breaking
and	 entering	 and	 questions	 were	 frowned	 on.	 He	 said	 security	 copied	 down	 his	 licenseplate	number	and	watched	until	he	drove	through	the	security	gates.
And	then	the	room	went	silent	with	a	shrill	whistle	from	Avery	Snowden.	He	motioned
for	 everyone	 to	 take	 their	 seats,	 and	 that	 included	 Charles	 and	 Fergus.	 When	 he	 had
everyone’s	attention,	he	got	right	down	to	it.
“I	 believe	 this	 child-trafficking	 ring	 is	 headed	 up	 by	 the	 Karas	 brothers.	 They	 are
untouchable.	They	have	their	own	private	army.	They’re	Armenian.	At	least	we	think	they
are.	Hell,	when	it	comes	right	down	to	it,	they	could	be	any	nationality.	They	came	on	the
scene	about	seventeen	years	ago.	They	just	materialized	out	of	thin	air.	They	would	have
you	believe	they	are	international	playboys.	Unlimited	monies.	They’re	known	the	world
over.	No	agency	has	ever	come	even	close	to	bringing	any	kind	of	charges	for	anything
against	 them.	 And	 yet	 everyone	 on	 the	 dark	 side	 knows	 they	 are	 behind	 all	 the	 human
trafficking	 that	 goes	 on	 in	 the	 world.	 You	 talk,	 you	 die.	 It’s	 that	 simple.	 I	 am	 willing	 to
stake	my	life	and	my	reputation	that	they	are	behind	what	is	going	on.	And	as	much	as	I
hate	to	admit	it,	we	are	no	match	for	the	Karas	brothers.	We’d	need	a	private	army	to	get
within	ten	miles	of	either	one	of	them.”
“Well,	if	we	can’t	get	to	them,	then	let’s	make	them	come	to	us.	Or,	let’s	come	up	with	a
plan	that	would	exclude	them.	We	plan	something,	then	allude	to	the	fact	that	people	of
their	ilk	are	not	fit	to	attend.	Something	to	do	with	children.	Not	that	we	would	actually
use	 children,	 we’re	 just	 going	 to	 allude	 to	 it.	 Hundreds	 of	 children,	 hundreds	 of	 young
women,	the	kind	of	women	sickos	salivate	over.”
“The	Post	can	kick	it	off.	Even	though	Annie	isn’t	here,	she	won’t	have	a	problem	with
us	using	her	name	to	arrange	something	like	this,”	Maggie	said.
“Where	are	the	Karas	brothers	now?	Do	you	know,	Avery?”	Ted	asked.
Snowden	 shrugged.	 “Check	 Page	 Six	 or	 TMZ.	 They	 love	 getting	 their	 names	 in	 the
paper.	Time!	We’re	going	to	need	time.”
“We	have	the	kids,	they’re	safe	for	now.	So,	we	do	have	time.	Social	media	is	instant.
Mention	Annie’s	name,	and	the	news	is	all	over	it	in	an	instant.	A	banner	headline	in	the
Post	 will	 make	 it	 happen.	 The	 brothers	 will	 be	 aware	 of	 it	 within	 an	 hour.	 Black	 tie,
invitation	only.”
“In	 the	 meantime,	 we	 go	 straight	 to	 the	 top	 of	 every	 organization	 to	 have	 their	 top
people	in	the	wings.	It	might	work,”	Charles	said.	“It	just	might	work,”	he	repeated.

Chapter	Seven

Jack	was	the	first	to	arrive	at	Myra	and	Charles’s	Pinewood	farm.	He’d	simply	cut	across
the	 field	 in	 his	 farm	 truck,	 saving	 himself	 seven	 miles	 and	 twenty	 minutes	 in	 the	 heavy
downpour	that	had	started	an	hour	earlier.	The	time	was	six	o’clock.	He	shrugged	out	of
his	rain	slicker	and	hung	it	on	the	rack	near	the	door	before	heading	to	the	laundry	room
for	a	towel	to	dry	off	Cyrus.
“Smells	good	in	here,”	he	called	over	his	shoulder.	Cyrus	yipped	to	show	that	he,	too,
agreed.	He	did	love	pancakes	as	much	as	his	master	did.	Not	to	mention	the	strip	of	bacon
and	one	sausage	link	that	always	found	their	way	to	his	plate.
“Can	you	eat	solid	food,	Jack?”	Charles	asked.
“Yep.	I’m	good	to	go.	Take	your	time,	I’ll	have	some	coffee	while	you	guys	finish	your
breakfast.	Where	is	everyone?”
“Avery	is	down	in	the	war	room.	Abner	is	upstairs	sleeping.	Margie	has	the	kids	out	in
the	barn.	That	lady	is	the	best	thing	to	happen	to	those	children.	They’ve	bonded	with	her.
She	has	their	whole	day	mapped	out.	In	the	barn.	All	the	animals,	the	barn	cats,	and	there’s
a	new	litter	of	kittens.	Avery	tells	me	she	has	a	theory,	and	he’s	working	on	it	because,	as
he	said,	it	actually	makes	sense.	The	important	thing	is	the	kids	are	safe.”
“Agreed.	The	others	are	coming	this	morning,	right?	I	know	I’m	early,	but	when	Nikki
is	away,	I	hate	being	alone	in	the	house	with	just	Cyrus.	It	just	feels	…	empty.”
“No	one	has	called	in	to	say	otherwise.	I	expect	they’ll	be	here	within	the	hour.	We	need
to	 work	 on	 a	 plan.	 I’m	 especially	 intrigued	 by	 the	 Karas	 brothers.	 Avery	 promised	 a
profile	when	we	get	down	to	work.	I	hate	to	admit	this,	but	I	had	never	heard	of	them.”
Jack	waved	his	hand	in	the	air.	“Me	neither.	But	then,	I’m	not	up	on	all	that	society	stuff
and	who	attends	what	and	when.	It’s	all	I	can	do	to	keep	up	with	Annie	and	what	she	does.
Maggie	will	probably	have	the	skinny	on	it	all	when	she	gets	here.”
Fergus	cleared	the	table	as	Charles	stirred	a	monster	bowl	full	of	pancake	batter.	“How
many,	Jack?”
“Six	for	me	and	six	for	Cyrus.	Today	is	his	day	to	get	three	scrambled	eggs,	so	just	add
them	to	his	plate.	By	the	way,	where’s	Cooper?”
Charles	lowered	his	head	and	looked	over	the	top	of	his	glasses	at	Jack.	“Now,	where
do	 you	 think	 he	 is?	 In	 the	 barn	 with	 the	 kiddies.	 He	 never	 leaves	 their	 side;	 you	 know
that.”	Jack	shrugged.	Cyrus	looked	up	at	his	master	as	much	as	to	say,	I	knew	that.
“I	didn’t	know	Abner	stayed	the	night,”	Jack	said.
“He	did.	That	young	man	is	exhausted.	He	went	to	bed	around	four,	at	least	we	assume
he	went	to	bed	then,	because	that’s	when	Fergus	and	I	retired.	I	told	him	I	didn’t	want	to
see	 his	 face	 until	 eight	 o’clock	 this	 morning.	 I	 think	 I	 heard	 the	 shower	 running,	 so	 I
assume	 he	 will	 be	 down	 shortly.	 He	 did	 tell	 us	 one	 thing.	 He	 was	 able	 to	 find	 the	 birth
name	 of	 Tea	 Pope’s	 husband	 before	 they	 were	 erased	 from	 the	 files.	 His	 name	 was/is
Simon	Spinelli.	I’m	not	sure	how	those	agencies	do	things	in	regard	to	the	children.	They

go	 by	 the	 name	 Bannon,	 and	 that	 appears	 to	 be	 the	 name	 they’ve	 used	 since	 birth.	 The
parents	 go	 by	 different	 names	 according	 to	 whatever	 mission	 or	 job	 they’re	 on,	 but	 the
kids,	mostly	for	school	purposes,	I	assume,	go	by	Bannon.	This	is	just	a	theory	on	my	part.
Abner	is	the	expert.”
“Did	someone	just	mention	my	name?”	Abner	asked	as	he	sauntered	into	the	kitchen.
“Ah,	pancakes,	my	favorite!”
“How	many?”	Charles	asked.
“Eight,	ten,	a	dozen.	I’m	starved.”
“How	do	you	do	that?	You	eat	like	a	stevedore	and	never	gain	an	ounce,”	Jack	said	as
he	eyed	the	computer	hacker’s	lanky	frame.	Abner	shrugged	as	he	poured	himself	a	cup	of
coffee.
“I	don’t	eat	lunch,”	he	offered	by	way	of	explanation.	“Nor	do	I	snack.”
Cyrus	reared	up,	as	did	Lady	and	her	pups.	They	all	ran	to	the	kitchen	door.
Ted,	 Espinosa,	 and	 Maggie	 were	 running	 through	 the	 rain.	 Jack	 held	 the	 door	 open
while	Abner	ran	to	the	laundry	room	for	towels.
“All	this	rain	is	going	to	be	good	for	your	garden,	Charles,”	Ted	mumbled	as	he	handed
out	the	towels.
“Well,	I	hate	it!”	Maggie	grumbled.	“It	makes	my	hair	frizz	up.	In	fifteen	minutes,	I’m
going	to	look	like	a	firethorn	bush.	First	one	who	laughs	at	me	gets	it	right	in	the	snoot!	So
what’s	up?	Talk	to	me,”	she	barked.
“I	have	nothing	to	report,”	Jack	said.	“Abner	has	some	news,	but	I	don’t	see	it	helping
us	in	any	way.	Just	something	to	add	to	the	Bannons’	dossier.	I’m	not	making	light	of	it,
I’m	 just	 saying	 I	 don’t	 see	 how	 it	 can	 help	 us.”	 He	 dug	 into	 his	 pancakes	 with	 gusto	 as
Abner	reported	his	limited	news.
Charles	tested	Cyrus’s	food	and	set	it	down.	He	adjusted	the	griddle	and	started	to	pour
out	batter	for	the	latecomers’	breakfast.
Dennis	arrived,	with	Harry	right	behind	him.	Both	were	soaking	wet	by	the	time	they
raced	into	the	kitchen.	More	towels	were	called	for.
“Looks	like	you	have	laundry	duty	today,	Ferg,”	Charles	quipped.	“And	no	shortcuts;
you	wash	them,	then	you	dry	them,	no	just	drying	them.
Cyrus	 looked	 up	 at	 Charles	 and	 beelined	 for	 his	 space	 next	 to	 Jack.	 Just	 because	 he
knew	 how	 to	 fold	 towels	 didn’t	 mean	 he	 was	 going	 to	 do	 it.	 Jack	 grinned	 as	 he	 patted
Cyrus	on	the	head.
“Anything	we	need	to	know?”	Dennis	asked.
“Kids	are	in	the	barn	with	Margie	and	Cooper.	Avery	is	in	the	war	room.	We’re	all	here.
Abner	found	out	the	birth	name	of	the	kids’	father,	but	that’s	all,”	Jack	said.
Harry	sat	down	at	the	table,	shook	his	head	at	the	offer	of	pancakes,	and	reached	for	the
cup	of	tea	Fergus	had	placed	in	front	of	him.	“I	might	have	something,	and	I	might	not.
Choa,	 my	 right-hand	 man	 at	 the	 dojo,	 checked	 in	 with	 me	 late	 last	 night.	 He	 said	 some

woman	called	the	dojo	nine	times	yesterday.	Nine	times!	His	English	is	limited	to	yes	and
no.	So	when	the	woman	asked	for	me,	he	just	kept	saying	no.	She	didn’t	leave	a	name.	I
wrote	 out	 my	 cell-phone	 number	 for	 him	 to	 give	 her	 in	 case	 she	 calls	 back	 today.	 It’s
probably	 some	 senator’s	 wife	 who	 wants	 to	 learn	 a	 little	 self-defense	 without	 anyone’s
knowing.	I	get	those	calls	all	the	time.	Other	than	that,	nothing.”
“Well,	crap!”	Jack	exclaimed	as	he	pulled	his	cell	phone	out	of	his	pocket.	“I	forgot	I
turned	it	off.	I	was	wondering	why	no	one	was	calling	me.	Oh!	Shit,	shit,	shit!	Guess	who
called	me	seven	times,	and	I	missed	all	seven	calls!	Lizzie	Fox!”
Everyone	stopped	eating	to	stare	at	Jack.	No	one	said	a	word	until	Harry	said,	“Maybe
it	was	Lizzie	calling	me	yesterday,	and	when	she	couldn’t	get	me,	she	called	you	or	vice
versa.	 But	 then	 Lizzie	 would	 have	 called	 Charles	 or	 Maggie	 or	 someone.	 Doesn’t	 make
sense.”
“Well,	what	are	you	waiting	for,	Jack,	a	bus?	Call	Lizzie,”	Maggie	snapped	irritably	as
she	worked	at	smoothing	down	her	frizzy	hair.
“There’s	a	little	matter	of	the	time	difference,	Maggie.	Lizzie	is	three	hours	behind	us
and	is	probably	still	asleep.	Or	she’s	taking	little	Jack	to	school.	Let’s	give	her	another	half
hour.	It’s	like	Harry	said,	if	it	was	some	kind	of	emergency,	Lizzie	would	have	called	one
of	you	guys	when	she	couldn’t	get	me.”
“I	 just	 got	 goose	 bumps,”	 Dennis	 said.	 “When	 I	 get	 goose	 bumps,	 something	 always
happens.	And	it’s	never	good.”
“And	you	felt	the	need	to	share	that	with	us	…	why?”	Ted	growled.
“To	alert	everyone	to	possible	trouble	coming	our	way,”	Dennis	growled	in	return.
“I	think	we’re	already	in	trouble,”	Espinosa	mumbled.
Cyrus	 reared	 up,	 as	 did	 Lady	 and	 her	 pups,	 just	 as	 Avery	 Snowden	 stepped	 into	 the
kitchen	 and	 Harry’s	 cell	 phone	 rang	 and	 Jack’s	 cell	 buzzed	 like	 a	 horde	 of	 angry	 bees.
Both	men	stepped	out	of	the	way	to	take	their	calls	as	Avery	headed	to	the	coffeepot.	The
silence	 in	 the	 room	 was	 deafening	 as	 the	 gang	 struggled	 to	 hear	 whatever	 they	 could,
which	wasn’t	much	as	both	men	appeared	to	be	listening	to	the	person	on	the	other	end	of
the	phone	and	contributing	nothing	to	the	conversation.
Then	Jack	explained	in	detail	to	Lizzie	about	his	root	canal	and	his	phone’s	being	shut
off	and	what	was	going	on	at	the	farm.	Lizzie	listened,	then	got	right	to	the	point	of	her
call.	 “Listen	 to	 me,	 Jack.	 I	 am	 going	 to	 do	 something	 I	 never	 thought	 I	 would	 do	 as	 in
ever.	 I	 don’t	 know	 how	 I’m	 going	 to	 live	 with	 myself	 after	 this,	 but	 when	 it	 comes	 to
children	I	…	Just	listen,	okay,	and	judge	me	later.	Years	ago,	a	young	woman	came	to	me,
her	name	at	the	time	is	not	what	it	is	today.	She	works	for	the	government.	For	want	of	a
better	 term,	 she’s	 the	 agency’s	 superspy.	 They	 literally	 created	 her	 into	 this	 …	 this	 …
machine.	They	invested	millions	of	dollars	training	her,	turning	her	into,	like	I	said,	this
superspy.	If	they	could	have,	they	would	have	drained	all	emotion	from	her,	but	that	didn’t
happen.	She	had	me	set	up	a	safe	house	for	her,	take	care	of	her	finances	for	the	day	when
she	said	she	would	need	it.	She	came	by	a	lot	of	money	in	a	nefarious	way,	but	that’s	not
important	right	now.	Out	of	the	blue,	she	called	me	yesterday	and	asked	me	to	help	her.	I
had	 already	 done	 everything	 she	 asked,	 so	 it	 was	 just	 a	 matter	 of	 making	 some	 phone

calls.
“She’s	 a	 rogue	 agent	 now,	 Jack.	 She’s	 on	 the	 run.	 She	 has	 kids	 and	 a	 husband.	 A
husband	she	thinks	swung	to	the	other	side.	Rivalry	there.	Someone	snatched	her	kids,	and
her	 people	 are	 not	 helping	 her,	 so	 she	 went	 rogue.	 This	 woman	 …	 Jack,	 she’s	 one	 of	 a
kind.	I	gave	her	your	number	and	Harry’s.	Here’s	the	kicker,	Jack.	Harry	trained	her.	She
said	she’d	call	you	guys.	You	need	to	help	her.	You	can	talk	now,	Jack.”
Jack	had	followed	Lizzie’s	words	at	warp	speed.	He	knew	exactly	who	she	was	talking
about.	“We	have	the	kids.	It	all	fits	now.	Espinosa	found	them	two	days	ago.	They’re	right
here	at	Pinewood.	Long	story,	but	the	main	thing	is	they’re	safe.	If	we	have	to,	we	can	call
Pearl	 Barnes	 and	 put	 them	 temporarily	 in	 her	 underground.	 Just	 assure	 her	 they’re	 safe.
Call	her	and	tell	her.	And,	Lizzie,	I	would	have	done	exactly	what	you	just	did	by	calling
me.	Sometimes	the	rules	just	have	to	be	broken.	I’ll	get	back	to	you.”
Jack	clicked	off,	shoved	the	phone	in	his	pocket,	and	stared	at	Harry,	who	looked	like
he’d	just	seen	a	ghost	or	was	talking	to	said	ghost.	If	his	eyes	grew	any	rounder,	they’d	be
marbles.
He	waited.
They	all	waited.
“That	was	…	that	was	…”
“Tea	 Pope.	 Your	 star	 pupil.	 The	 one	 whose	 picture	 hangs	 in	 the	 center	 of	 your	 dojo
wall,”	Jack	said.
“How	…	how	do	you	know	that,	Jack?”	Harry	whispered.
“That	 was	 Lizzie	 on	 the	 phone.	 Your	 star	 pupil	 just	 happens	 to	 know	 Lizzie,	 and	 she
contacted	her	and	Lizzie	told	her	to	call	us,	that	we	could	help	her.	Did	you	tell	her	we
have	her	kids	safe	and	sound?”
“I	 did,	 and	 she	 cried.	 I	 swear	 to	 God,	 Jack,	 I	 never	 for	 a	 moment	 thought	 that	 young
woman	had	an	ounce	of	empathy	for	anyone	or	any	thing.	She	cried.	No,	she	damn	well
bawled.	That’s	a	difference.	We	need	to	go	downstairs	and	get	to	work.	She’s	going	to	call
me	again	in	two	hours.	Right	now,	she	is	in	Tennessee.	We	have	to	find	a	way	to	get	to	her.
She	only	uses	a	burner	phone	for	one	call,	then	ditches	it,	so	we	can’t	call	her	back.	She
has	to	call	us.	She’s	what	they	call	a	rogue	now.	Shoot	to	wound,	and	if	that	doesn’t	get
her	then	it’s	STK.	She	wants	to	see	her	kids	before	that	happens.	She	said	they’ll	show	her
no	mercy	no	matter	how	much	they	have	invested	in	her.”
“Harry’s	right,”	Abner	said.	“I	know	how	those	guys	at	the	CIA	work.	Right	now,	she’s
on	American	soil,	so	the	FBI	and	Homeland	Security	are	on	her	ass,	and	don’t	think	for	a
minute	that	every	other	agent	who	is	available,	no	matter	what	the	alphabet	says	on	their
jackets,	isn’t	on	it	with	them.	She’s	marked.	We	have	to	get	her	to	safety.”
“Then	let’s	go,”	Jack	said.
Charles	looked	around	at	his	kitchen,	winced,	then	shrugged	and	followed	his	lads,	and
one	lassie,	with	a	last	minute	warning	to	Lady	to	watch	over	things.
As	always	when	entering	the	war	room,	they	all	saluted	Lady	Justice,	who	was	on	the

big	screen	hanging	from	the	ceiling.	Everyone	took	their	seat.
Charles	held	up	his	hand.	“The	children	are	safe,	and	so	is	Ms.	Pope	for	the	moment,	so
let’s	give	the	floor	over	to	Avery,	who	has	been	toiling	down	here	all	night	long.	Maggie
will	go	next	with	her	plan.	What	do	you	have	for	us,	Avery?”
“The	 Karas	 brothers.	 And	 it	 isn’t	 all	 that	 much.	 As	 I	 had	 originally	 mentioned	 they
came	‘to	be’	around	seventeen	years	ago.	That’s	not	a	definite,	give	or	take	a	few	years	on
either	 side.	 For	 the	 most	 part	 that	 information	 was	 erroneous.	 They	 appeared	 out	 of
nowhere	 twenty-three	 years	 ago.	 That	 was	 the	 first	 mention	 I	 found	 of	 them	 anywhere.
They	have	more	money	than	God,	and	no	one	knows	where	it	came	from	or	how	they	got
it.	They	do	not	work.	As	in	having	jobs.	One	can’t	even	say	they	live	off	their	investments
because	 I	 couldn’t	 find	 any	 investments	 to	 track.	 No	 clue	 where	 monies	 are	 stashed.
They’re	considered	international	playboys.	Their	names	are	Ryland	and	Roland.	Ages	are
iffy.	Midforties	is	the	best	I	could	come	up	with.	Nationality-wise,	they	could	be	anything.
One	report	said	Armenian.	But	if	you	look	at	their	pictures	they	could	be	Greek,	Italian,
Spanish.	I	just	don’t	know,	and	I	cannot	confirm.
“They	 eased	 their	 way	 into	 international	 society	 by	 donating	 vast,	 and	 I	 mean	 vast,
sums	of	money	anonymously,	and	being	coy	about	it	but	still	managing	to	leak	it	that	they
were	 the	 ones	 doing	 the	 donating.	 When	 questioned	 they	 just	 smiled	 but	 would	 not
confirm	 or	 deny.	 They	 were	 in	 demand.	 Look	 at	 the	 screen.	 This	 is	 the	 last	 sighting	 of
them,	taken	last	year	at	some	black	tie	event	in	England.”
Lady	Justice	faded	to	a	gray	screen	to	be	replaced	with	two	very	handsome	men,	which
made	 Maggie	 whistle	 appreciatively.	 “Hunks.	 Both	 of	 them.”	 Ted	 scowled	 at	 her
exuberance.
“They	started	out	traveling	with	a	small	group	back	in	the	day.	That	group	increased	as
the	 years	 wore	 on.	 Think	 in	 terms	 of	 an	 army.	 A	 gun-toting	 army.	 Not	 that	 the	 normal
person	would	view	it	that	way.	These	guys	dress	the	part	of	top-notch	security:	clean-cut,
military	bearing,	specially	tailored	suits	to	hide	the	shoulder	rigs.
“The	 Karas	 brothers	 own	 property	 all	 over	 the	 world.	 At	 each	 location,	 there	 is	 topnotch	security.	Think	in	terms	of	a	fortress.	The	cars	they	travel	in	are	the	same	kind	only
better	than	the	ones	our	president	travels	in.”
“Someone	must	know	something,”	Jack	said.
“For	sure.	But	in	that	kind	of	life,	you	talk,	you	die.	It’s	said	they	pay	their	people	more
than	 Wall	 Street	 bankers	 earn	 in	 a	 year	 and	 we	 all	 know	 how	 hefty	 those	 sums	 are,”
Snowden	said	as	he	looked	down	at	his	scribbled	notes.
“Earlier,	you	said	it	was	rumored	that	the	brothers	were	involved	in	slave	trafficking.	If
no	one	talks,	how	did	that	rumor	start?”	Charles	asked.
“I	can’t	help	you	out	on	that,	mate.	I	simply	do	not	know.	The	dark	side	of	the	Net,	I
would	assume.	It	was	said.	Period.”
“Rumors	have	to	come	from	somewhere.	There	has	to	be	a	starting	point,”	Dennis	said.
“The	best	I	can	come	up	with,	and	don’t	think	I	haven’t	been	on	this	twenty-four/	seven,
is	the	many	trips	they	take	abroad.	Their	passports	read	like	a	three-inch	travel	log.	White

women	are	in	high	demand.	As	much	as	I	hate	saying	this	out	loud,	I’m	still	going	to	say
it.	A	seven-	to	twelve-year-old	girl	goes	for	millions.	That’s	as	in	plural.	A	young	woman
of	say	twenty-one	goes	for	half	that.	It’s	all	over	the	world.	Do	the	math.”
“Where	are	the	scumbags	right	now?	Do	you	know?”	Ted	asked.
“As	a	matter	of	fact,	I	do	know.	They	blew	into	Atlanta,	Georgia,	a	week	ago	today	and
took	over	three	whole	floors	of	the	Ritz-Carlton	in	Buckhead.	Their	security,	or	army	if
you	prefer	that	word,	are	with	them.	They	also	have	their	own	waitstaff,	who	prepare	their
food	and	take	care	of	all	their	needs,	with	them.	I	haven’t	been	able	to	figure	out	yet	why
they’re	 there.	 Nothing	 social	 is	 going	 on.	 A	 stopover?	 Atlanta	 is	 not	 that	 far	 from
Washington,	D.C.	I	do	know	that	there	is	a	fleet	of	eight	armored	SUVs	parked	in	front.
Guests	have	complained.	The	hotel	grants	a	lot	of	freebies	to	the	complainers.”
“What	about	women?”	Maggie	asked.
“No	attachments	that	I	could	ferret	out.	There	is	no	background	on	them.	It’s	like	they
were	hatched	from	an	egg	and	took	on	life.	There	simply	is	no	backstory	to	be	found.	I
don’t	even	know	if	they’re	twins	or	who	is	the	older	and	who	is	the	younger.	I’m	telling
you,	it’s	just	a	blank	slate.”
The	gang	looked	at	one	another.	If	Avery	Snowden	said	it	was	a	tabula	rasa,	then	it	was
a	blank	slate.	All	eyes	turned	to	Abner	Tookus.
“You	want	me	to	get	in	touch	with	Philonias	Needlemeyer.	That’s	what	you	want	me	to
do,	right?”
“Well,	yeah,”	Maggie	drawled	as	she	continued	to	work	at	her	hair,	which	seemed	to	be
growing	 outward	 at	 the	 rate	 of	 an	 inch	 a	 minute.	 In	 the	 end,	 she	 dug	 around	 in	 her
backpack	for	a	scarf	and	wrapped	it	around	her	unruly	curls.
“Where	 is	 their	 home	 base?	 What	 country?	 Who	 do	 they	 pay	 allegiance	 to?”	 Dennis
demanded.
Snowden	 shrugged.	 “They	 live	 in	 the	 wind.	 There	 is	 no	 home	 base.	 They	 do	 own
property	all	over	the	world,	and	they	pay	the	taxes	or	some	dummy	shell	company	does	on
the	properties.	If	you’re	asking	about	taxes	like	you	pay	here	in	the	States,	nada.	It’s	like	I
said,	they	hatched	from	an	egg,	then	became	invisible,	not	literally,	but	financially.	They
are	 under	 the	 eye	 of	 every	 law-enforcement	 agency	 in	 the	 world,	 yet	 no	 one	 can	 touch
them.	 In	 essence,	 and	 speaking	 in	 the	 official	 sense,	 they	 haven’t	 done	 anything	 wrong.
They	 live	 the	 high	 life,	 but	 so	 do	 millions	 of	 other	 people.	 They	 constantly	 give	 away
money,	 tons	 of	 money.	 No	 one	 wants	 that	 well	 to	 dry	 up.	 They	 charm	 the	 ladies	 and
bullshit	the	gents.	What’s	the	harm	in	that?”
“This	isn’t	making	one	damn	bit	of	sense,”	Jack	said.	“If	all	that	you	said	is	so,	how	did
they	even	get	a	wink	in	regard	to	child	trafficking	or	slave	trafficking	or	whatever	the	hell
we’re	calling	it	these	days?”
Snowden	threw	his	hands	in	the	air	and	risked	a	glance	at	Charles	as	much	as	to	say,
Sorry,	 Sir	 Charles,	 I	 failed	 you.	 “I	 simply	 do	 not	 know	 is	 both	 the	 short	 and	 the	 long
answer,”	he	responded	miserably.
Fergus	 spoke	 for	 the	 first	 time.	 “Always	 follow	 the	 money	 trail.	 I’ll	 give	 my	 old

stomping	grounds,	Scotland	Yard,	a	call.	I	still	have	some	clout	there	and	I’ll	see	what	I
can	come	up	with.	Charles,	you	call	MI6.	Jack,	you	call	Jack	Sparrow	and	see	if	he	knows
anything	or	had	heard	any	rumors	while	he	was	running	things	at	the	Bureau.”
Maggie	 chewed	 on	 her	 thumbnail.	 “I	 never	 ever	 heard	 of	 the	 Karas	 brothers.	 Not	 a
whisper.	Now,	you	see,	that’s	not	normal.	Do	they	go	by	any	other	names?	Do	they	stay
away	 from	 D.C.?	 I’m	 just	 not	 getting	 this.	 Ted,	 are	 you	 getting	 it?	 Dennis?	 Espinosa?
Hatched	 from	 an	 egg,	 my	 ass,”	 she	 exploded.	 “They	 had	 a	 life	 somewhere.	 We	 need	 to
find	that	place	and	go	from	there.”
All	 three	 men	 shook	 their	 heads.	 If	 Maggie	 wasn’t	 getting	 it,	 then	 they	 would	 all	 be
wise	to	agree	with	her.	No	one	wanted	to	upstage	Maggie	because	the	consequences	were
always	too	seriously	negative,	as	they	had	come	to	learn	over	the	years.
Harry	 swallowed	 the	 last	 of	 the	 tea	 in	 his	 cup,	 propped	 his	 elbows	 on	 the	 table,	 and
stared	 across	 the	 table	 at	 Avery	 Snowden.	 “You	 said	 something	 about	 your	 operative
having	 a	 theory	 about	 where	 the	 kids	 were,	 something	 they	 obviously	 shared	 with	 her.
What	is	it?”
Snowden	sat	up	a	little	straighter,	squared	his	shoulders,	and	said,	“This	is	her	theory,
not	 mine;	 just	 remember	 that.	 She	 thinks	 the	 kids	 were	 held	 at	 a	 mortuary.	 Hence	 the
boxes.	To	a	kid,	a	casket	or	a	coffin,	whatever	you	want	to	call	them,	would	be	a	big	box.
The	older	girl	said	Andy	slept	with	her	so	that	would	kind	of	bear	out	the	casket	business.
“The	monster	lady	that	one	of	the	girls	referred	to	said	if	she	didn’t	behave	she’d	cook
her	 in	 something	 outdoors	 that	 the	 kids	 said	 smelled	 terrible.	 Margie	 thinks	 it	 was	 a
crematorium.	And	the	kids	did	say	the	place	smelled	like	church.	Incense	and	candle	wax.
After	the	first	blush,	it	doesn’t	sound	so	lame	if	you	think	about	it.
“What	could	be	more	perfect?	Who	is	going	to	look	for	missing	kids	at	a	funeral	parlor?
It’s	 so	 far	 under	 the	 radar,	 it	 hardly	 bears	 thinking	 about	 it.	 And	 Carrie,	 the	 older	 girl,
described	the	soft	pillows	and	blankets.	It	might	be	a	stretch,	but	there	you	have	it.	I	don’t
think	it’s	worth	a	second	thought,	but	you	did	ask.”
“Whoa!	Whoa!”	Espinosa	barked.	He	stood	up	and	started	to	wave	his	arms	about.	“No,
no,	 it’s	 worth	 more	 than	 a	 second	 thought.	 Listen	 to	 me,	 everyone.	 Like	 now	 would	 be
good!”
“What	the	hell!”	Jack	exploded.
“Ha!	Yeah,	well,	Mr.	Attorney,	your	dog	was	a	witness	to	what	I’m	going	to	tell	you,	so
listen	up.	On	the	way	back	from	the	vet’s,	and	I’m	sorry	I	didn’t	see	it	on	the	way	in,	but	I
wanted	to	make	sure	I	didn’t	miss	the	turnoff.	To	the	vet’s,	that	is.	Anyway,	I’d	say	at	the
halfway	mark,	there	was	a	fork	in	the	road,	and	I	took	the	wrong	one.	Cyrus	didn’t	bark	or
anything,	 so	 I	 just	 assumed	 I	 was	 going	 in	 the	 right	 direction.	 I	 was	 wrong.	 Two	 miles,
maybe	two	and	a	half	down	the	road,	there	was	this	…	almost	like	an	oasis.	Buildings	and
something	that	looked	like	a	giant	igloo.	Lots	of	green	grass.	Everything	was	top	notch,
neat	and	tidy.	Paved	parking	lot	and	six	hearses	all	lined	up	behind	each	other.	There	were
several	 other	 vehicles	 in	 the	 parking	 lot,	 but	 I	 just	 got	 the	 hell	 out	 of	 there.	 It	 got	 all
creepy.	In	my	turnaround,	I	got	a	good	look	at	the	giant	igloo.	I	guess	that’s	where	they	…
you	know	…	crisp	them	up	and	put	them	in	ajar.

“When	 we	 got	 to	 the	 end	 of	 the	 road,	 there	 was	 a	 sign	 that	 said,	 LAST	 STOP	 BEFORE
HEAVEN	.	I	got	out	to	look	at	it	to	be	sure	it	said	what	it	said.	Don’t	ask	me	why,	I	just	did.
The	sign	was	weather	beaten	from	the	elements.	I	think	the	kid	was	right,	and	that’s	where
they	ran	away	from.	From	that	road,	it’s	maybe	five	miles	to	where	Cyrus	spotted	them.
Five	miles.	Plus	they	had	to	cover	the	two	to	three	on	the	road	I	was	on	before	they	hit	the
highway.	Little	kids	like	that	get	tired,	so	we’re	talking	about	eight	miles.	It	makes	sense	if
you	think	about	it.”
Jack	looked	down	at	Cyrus.	“Is	that	how	you	see	it,	buddy?”	Cyrus	yipped.
Maggie	was	on	her	feet	and	struggling	with	her	backpack.	Ted,	Espinosa,	and	Dennis
were	doing	the	same	thing.
There	 was	 no	 need	 to	 ask	 where	 they	 were	 going—everyone	 knew.	 “Take	 a	 lot	 of
pictures	after	you	talk	to	the	people	who	own	the	joint!”	Jack	yelled.
Harry	looked	over	at	Jack.	“That	totally	creeps	me	out.	Little	kids	sleeping	in	coffins.
When	we	find	those	bastards,	they’re	mine.	You	hear	me,	Jack,	they’re	mine.”
“I	hear	you,	Harry.”

Chapter	Eight

The	 Karas	 brothers	 stared	 at	 each	 other	 across	 an	 impeccably	 set	 table	 for	 two	 as	 they
waited	to	be	served	the	lunch	they	had	ordered	from	the	five-star	chef	who	traveled	with
them	all	over	the	world.
The	Karas	brothers	were,	as	a	matter	of	fact,	twins,	with	Ryland,	to	Roland’s	chagrin,
being	two	minutes	older.	Though	they	were	not	identical	twins,	they	looked	enough	alike
so	that	people	knew	they	were	related	when	meeting	them	for	the	first	time.
Soft	classical	music	played	from	somewhere	in	the	luxurious	suite	the	two	men	shared.
Shared	 because	 they	 shared	 everything,	 even	 their	 space,	 with	 Ryland	 listening	 to	 his
beloved	 classical	 music	 and	 Roland	 reading	 nonstop.	 Except	 for	 their	 sleeping
arrangements,	they	were	never	more	than	a	few	feet	apart.
The	 brothers	 were	 movie-star	 handsome,	 and	 both	 were	 elegant	 dressers.	 They	 paid
fortunes	for	hairstyles,	manicures	and	pedicures,	and	gym	privileges.	They’d	been	referred
to	as	“good	catches.”	The	terms	studly,	ripped,	and	rich	were	constantly	used	when	they
were	being	referred	to.	Invitations	to	particular	events	along	with	pleas	for	donations	from
various	charities	arrived	by	the	truckload	the	moment	some	gossip	columnist	announced
their	arrival	in	a	particular	city.
They	 always	 attended	 at	 least	 one	 event	 and	 donated	 to	 at	 least	 half	 of	 the	 favorite
charities	of	the	people	whose	pleas	for	their	contribution	found	their	way	to	their	notice.
Ryland	looked	down	at	the	jumbo	prawns,	which	had	been	marinated	in	a	lime	citrus
marinade	before	being	grilled.	A	vegetable	rice	medley	was	a	side	dish	that	was	not	only
delicious	but	colorful.	Another	side	dish	that	both	men	loved	was	braised	brussels	sprouts
with	 vinegar	 and	 bacon	 bits.	 They	 loved	 the	 dish	 so	 much	 it	 was	 a	 staple	 on	 their	 daily
menu.
There	was	no	one	in	the	dining	room,	something	else	the	brothers	always	insisted	on.
Members	of	their	personal	security	team	stood	outside	every	door	leading	into	the	dining
room.	 Even	 so,	 the	 brothers	 spoke	 in	 different	 languages,	 sometimes	 English,	 or	 some
other	exotic	dialect,	or	else	they’d	resort	to	sign	language.	In	addition	to	these	rules,	the
suite	along	with	all	the	other	rooms	they’d	rented	were	swept	daily	for	possible	listening
devices.
The	 brothers’	 manners	 were	 impeccable	 even	 in	 private.	 They	 were	 the	 kind	 of	 men
whom	you	would	never	see	leaning	against	a	bar,	swigging	a	bottle	of	beer,	or	chomping
down	on	a	burger	or,	God	forbid,	a	hot	dog.	Under	no	circumstances	would	they	attend	a
barbecue	or	a	clambake,	much	less	a	beach	party	or	NASCAR	competition.
Only	the	best	of	the	best	in	everything	was	good	enough	for	the	Karas	brothers.
“You’re	sure,	Roland,	that	there	has	been	no	mention	of	the	three	children?	It’s	coming
up	on	ten	days.	Children	can’t	survive	on	their	own	for	that	long.	Even	I	know	that.	That
has	to	mean	someone	rescued	them,	and	we’re	in	danger?	I	want	to	hear	you	tell	me	that	is
not	 possible,”	 Ryland	 said,	 deferring	 to	 his	 brother’s	 computer	 expertise	 along	 with	 his
penchant	for	the	written	word.

“Not	a	word.	But	there	is	other	news.	I	was	just	informed	before	we	sat	down	here	at
the	table	that	Mrs.	Bannon	has	gone	rogue.	Every	agency	in	this	country	is	on	the	hunt.
Mr.	Bannon	has	also	gone	to	ground,	or	he	is	being	detained	by	his	own	people	for	reasons
unknown	 to	 us	 at	 the	 moment.	 Mrs.	 Bannon	 has	 a	 twenty-four-hour	 head	 start	 on	 our
people.	 I’m	 being	 told	 that	 she	 is	 on	 the	 hunt	 for	 her	 children	 because	 she	 is	 a	 mother.
That	is	something	neither	you	nor	I	know	anything	about	since	we	never	knew	a	mother.
We	must	assume	there	is	a	very	strong	bond	that	we	will	never	understand,	so	we	need	to
bear	that	in	mind.	We	must	find	those	children.
“D.C.	was	a	mistake.	I	wish	you	had	listened	to	me	when	I	told	you	that	the	FBI	was
going	to	get	involved.	With	five	hundred	children	gone	missing	in	the	first	three	months	of
the	year	in	one	area,	it	had	to	happen.”
Roland	pierced	one	of	the	jumbo	prawns	and	stared	at	it.	His	brother	watched	as	he	tried
to	make	up	his	mind	to	either	eat	it	or	drop	it	back	on	his	plate.	The	prawn	dropped	to	his
plate.	“We	need	to	leave	here	right	now.	I’m	still	wondering	why	you	wanted	to	come	here
in	the	first	place.”
“A	diversion.	You	know	people	watch	us	every	second	of	every	single	day.	Why	does
there	have	to	be	a	particular	reason	for	us	to	visit	Atlanta?	I	could	have	chosen	Newark,
Delaware,	but	who	goes	to	Newark,	Delaware?	No	one	I	know.	People	flock	to	Atlanta	for
many	reasons.	Women	like	to	shop.	They	have	a	great	football	team.	And	it’s	not	that	far
from	Washington,	D.C.”
Roland	swirled	the	prawn	around	on	his	plate	as	he	absorbed	his	brother’s	words.	“No,
we	are	not	going	back	to	D.C.	That	would	be	the	biggest	mistake	of	our	lives.	We	have	to
leave	the	country.	Like	now,	Ryland.	That	means	immediately.	I	keep	telling	you	that	my
gut	is	churning,	and	you	keep	ignoring	me.	Damnation,	I	wish	you’d	read	more	and	listen
less	to	all	that	soothing	music	you	live	for.”
Ryland	ignored	his	brother’s	remark.	“Before	you	can	ask,	our	people	are	on	the	way
and	will	sanitize	the	facility.	The	bogus	owners,	the	Obermans,	left	for	a	forced	vacation
last	evening.	No	one	is	there.	But,	then,	you	already	know	that.	Sometimes	you	worry	like
an	old	grandmother.	The	cleanup	crew	will	sanitize	the	facility.	A	notice	will	appear	in	the
local	newspapers	announcing	the	Obermans’	retirement,	and	in	a	month	or	so,	the	facility
will	go	up	for	sale.	Last	night,	I	told	you	that	the	chain	of	funeral	homes	would	be	going
up	for	sale,	not	all	at	one	time.	It	was	part	of	the	plan,	and	you	agreed	to	it,	brother.”
“And	you	don’t	worry	enough,	Ryland.	Yes,	yes,	I	do	enough	worrying	for	both	of	us
according	to	you.	Until	we	became	aware	of	the	Bannon	team,	I	never	lost	a	night’s	sleep.
Now,	I	barely	sleep.	I	repeat,	D.C.	was	a	mistake.	We	have	never	made	mistakes	before.
You	need	to	listen	to	me,	Ryland.”
Ryland	looked	at	the	Rolex	on	his	wrist.	It	was	just	noon.	Then	he	looked	at	his	empty
plate,	 then	 over	 at	 his	 brother’s	 plate.	 A	 small	 worm	 of	 fear	 scurried	 around	 inside	 his
stomach.	 Maybe	 he	 did	 need	 to	 pay	 more	 attention	 to	 Roland’s	 concerns.	 It	 was	 true,
they’d	never	made	a	mistake	before.	Suddenly,	he	didn’t	like	what	he	was	feeling.
Ryland’s	cell	phone	chirped	inside	his	trouser	pocket.	He	withdrew	it,	clicked	it	on,	and
listened.	Roland	saw	the	sudden	alarm	on	his	brother’s	face.	Unflappable	Ryland!	Roland
swallowed	hard	as	he	listened	to	his	brother’s	end	of	the	conversation.

“Four	people!	Yes,	I	understand	what	you’re	saying.	They	were	already	there	when	you
arrived.	You	were	a	fool	to	announce	yourself.	They	saw	you!	You’re	saying	they	actually
laid	eyes	on	you!	You	know	what	that	means!	It	doesn’t	matter	that	you	pretended	to	be	a
…	what	is	the	word	…	customer	for	the	death	of	a	loved	one.	Whoever	those	people	are,
they	 are	 not	 fools.	 A	 ten-man	 cleanup	 crew	 doesn’t	 just	 show	 up	 out	 of	 nowhere	 to	 …
make	final	arrangements.	I	can	guarantee	none	of	you	looked	like	grieving	mourners,	and
don’t	try	to	con	me.	Where	are	you	now?”
At	a	Best	Western	down	the	road	was	the	response.
“I	 need	 details.	 Vehicle,	 license	 plate.	 How	 many	 people?	 Ages?	 Armed?	 Do	 not	 go
near	the	facility	until	I	give	you	the	go-ahead	to	do	so.	Now,	tell	me	what	you	have.	Oh,
you	already	checked	it	all	out.	Tell	me	what	you	have.”
When	Ryland	ended	the	call,	he	stared	down	at	his	empty	plate	for	a	full	minute	before
he	 spoke.	 “I	 bow	 to	 you,	 my	 brother.	 This	 is	 what	 I	 just	 heard	 from	 the	 cleanup	 crew.
There	are	four	people	at	the	facility.	They	appear	to	have	arrived	in	one	vehicle,	a	van	that
is	registered	to	a	newspaper	in	the	District,	the	Post.
“They	 must	 be	 reporters,	 but	 our	 men	 did	 not	 question	 them.	 They	 pretended	 to	 be	 a
customer	 or	 whatever	 you	 call	 a	 person	 who	 wants	 to	 either	 bury	 or	 cremate	 a	 family
member.	The	team	leader	said	the	woman	of	the	group	was	in	charge	and	told	them	the
place	was	temporarily	closed	and	to	go	someplace	else.	She	also	said	they	were	waiting
for	the	local	authorities	to	show	up.	I	think	it’s	safe	to	say	our	people	panicked.	They	left
and	are	at	a	Best	Western	a	few	miles	down	the	road.	We	need	to	leave	here	right	now.”
“I	hate	saying	this,	Ryland,	but	I	did	say	it	was	a	mistake	to	snatch	the	Bannon	children.
You	disagreed,	and	now	here	we	are.	That	means	we	made	two	mistakes.	Are	you	listening
to	me,	Ryland?	Two!	Do	you	want	to	try	for	three?	Three	is	the	charm,	as	you	well	know.”
“Yes,	here	we	are.	But	we’re	leaving	right	now.”
It	wasn’t	like	the	brothers	had	to	pack	up	tons	of	luggage	or	files	the	way	most	people
who	traveled	with	an	entourage	such	as	theirs	did.	Other	people	took	care	of	those	details.
The	 suites	 in	 use	 would	 be	 sanitized,	 all	 luggage	 and	 file	 cases	 would	 be	 carried
personally	out	of	the	hotel	by	their	own	people.	The	hotel	would	be	paid	for	the	full	week
through	a	shell	company	even	though	they	had	a	week	to	go	on	their	reservation.	All	the
brothers	had	to	do	was	put	on	their	jackets,	pick	up	their	briefcases,	and	walk	out	the	door.
Everything	else	would	be	taken	care	of	by	their	minions.
Roland	walked	over	to	the	window,	parted	the	sheer	curtains,	and	looked	down	at	the
highway	that	ran	along	the	side	of	the	hotel.	There	was	a	walkway	for	guests	to	use	to	get
to	the	Lenox	Mall,	which	was	across	the	highway.	The	people,	some	single,	some	looking
like	 families,	 appeared	 to	 him	 to	 be	 like	 big	 ants	 hurrying	 to	 find	 bargains	 at	 the	 giant
mall.	He	wondered	briefly	what	it	would	be	like	to	be	one	of	those	people	he	considered
ordinary.
Roland	Karas	lived	a	secret	life	in	his	mind.	A	life	where	he	lived	in	a	small	house	in	a
tree-lined	 neighborhood,	 possibly	 a	 building	 that	 would	 be	 considered	 a	 cottage.	 The
people	would	be	ordinary,	a	mix,	so	to	speak.	Some	would	be	elderly,	some	young,	some
middle	aged,	some	single.	There	would	be	children,	dogs,	and	cats.	The	cottage	where	he

lived	 would	 have	 a	 fireplace	 in	 a	 brick-lined	 room	 because	 he	 loved	 brick	 walls.	 Soft
carpets	 because	 he	 liked	 to	 go	 barefoot.	 The	 cottage	 would	 have	 soft,	 comfortable
furniture;	a	large-screen	TV	he	would	rarely	watch;	scads	of	electrical	outlets;	a	gourmet
kitchen	because	he	loved	to	putter	in	the	kitchen	trying	out	new	foods	and	recipes,	most	of
which	were	inedible,	but	despite	which	he	continued	to	try.	The	rest	of	the	house	would
have	rooms	full	of	books	from	floor	to	ceiling.	The	rooms	would	have	custom-made	oak
bookshelves	 because	 oak	 was	 a	 hardwood	 and	 books	 were	 weighty.	 The	 only	 exception
would	be	his	bedroom,	for	all	he	wanted	in	that	room	was	a	space	that	a	monk	would	love.
It	was	such	a	waste	of	time	to	sleep	when	he	could	be	reading	one	of	his	beloved	books.
The	cottage	would	have	a	fenced-in	backyard	with	flowers	everywhere	and	a	big	shade
tree	with	a	chair	under	it,	where	he	could	sit	and	read	and	feel	the	spiky	grass	tickle	his
bare	feet.	Ordinary.
It	was	never	going	to	happen,	and	he	knew	it,	but	still,	as	long	as	he	kept	the	fantasy	in
his	head,	it	would	be	possible	if	only	in	his	dreams.	No	one	could	take	away	a	person’s
dreams.	No	one,	not	even	Ryland.
“What	are	you	doing,	brother?”	Ryland	asked	as	he	slipped	into	his	jacket.
“Thinking.”
“About	what?	I’m	ready.	What	are	you	seeing	out	that	window?”	Ryland	asked.
“Nothing	out	of	the	ordinary,”	Roland	lied.	“Have	you	decided	where	we	are	going?	Do
not	say	D.C.,	because	if	you	do,	you	will	go	alone.	We	need	to	get	as	far	away	as	we	can,
and	that	means	out	of	the	country.”
Ryland	offered	up	a	nervous	laugh.	“What?	All	because	of	one	female	agent	who	has
gone	rogue?	Are	you	actually	going	to	stand	there,	look	me	in	the	eye,	and	tell	me	you	are
afraid	of	Mrs.	Allison	Bannon,	superspook,	superagent,	super	government	weapon?”
“No.	 I’m	 not	 afraid	 of	 that	 person	 at	 all.	 Look	 at	 me,	 Ryland,	 and	 listen	 to	 me	 very
carefully.	 I	 am	 afraid	 of	 Allison	 Bannon	 who	 is	 the	 mother	 of	 the	 three	 children	 you
decided	to	have	kidnapped.	And	if	I’m	afraid	of	her,	then	you	need	to	be	afraid,	too.
“Neither	one	of	us	knows	a	thing	about	motherhood.	Or,	I	should	say,	you	don’t,	but	I
do	because	I	read.	There	is	no	stronger	bond,	no	force	in	the	world	that	will	win	out	over
motherhood	if	her	cubs	are	in	danger.	She,	yes,	she,	one	lone	woman,	will	come	after	us.
She’ll	find	us,	too.	You	see,	that’s	the	thing	about	mothers.	They	will	do	anything,	and	I
mean	anything,	to	protect	their	cubs.	No	stone	will	be	left	unturned.	You,	more	so	than	I,
cannot	conceive	of	that,	but	it’s	true	nonetheless.”
Ryland	 forced	 a	 blustery	 laugh.	 “Are	 you	 serious,	 Roland?	 Surely	 not.	 You	 cannot
seriously	believe	one	lone	woman	on	the	run	from	her	own	government	is	going	to	be	able
to	seek	us	out	and	take	us	out.	I	believe	that	is	the	right	term.	One	lone	woman!	That	is
never	going	to	happen.	Her	own	people	will	find	her	first	and	deal	with	her.	We	might	hear
about	it	later	on	or	not.	It	simply	is	not	going	to	happen.”
Roland	licked	at	his	lips	and	nodded.	“Not	just	a	woman,	Ryland.	A	mother.	Therein	lies
the	difference.	Remember,	we	already	made	two	mistakes,	and	she’s	made	none.	She’s	on
the	hunt.	She’s	been	so	well	trained,	even	her	own	people	won’t	be	able	to	locate	her.	You

need	to	believe	what	I’m	telling	you.	Well,	I	think	I’m	ready,”	he	said,	shrugging	into	one
of	his	favorite	Armani	jackets.	In	his	dreams,	where	he	was	an	ordinary	person,	he	would
be	 slipping	 into	 a	 worn	 denim	 jacket	 with	 leather	 patches	 on	 the	 elbows.	 Cost	 was
probably	 $49	 opposed	 to	 the	 $5,000	 spent	 for	 the	 Armani	 jacket	 he	 was	 putting	 on.
Ordinary.
Ryland	stopped	at	the	door	before	he	opened	it	to	stare	at	his	handsome	brother.	“You
really	believe	all	that	stuff	you	just	said,	don’t	you?”
Roland	nodded.	“This	is	not	going	to	end	well,	Ryland.”
In	the	car	on	the	way	to	Hartsfield-Jackson	Atlanta	International	Airport,	Ryland	looked
over	at	his	brother,	and	said,	“Tell	me	everything	you	know	about	motherhood.”
*	*	*
“I	 never	 heard	 of	 this	 place	 before,”	 Maggie	 said	 as	 she	 hopped	 out	 of	 the	 van	 and
looked	 around.	 “It’s	 part	 of	 a	 chain.	 I	 looked	 it	 up,	 and	 there	 are	 hundreds	 of	 them,
independently	owned,	of	course.	It’s	like	an	oasis	in	the	middle	of	a	desert.	There	must	be
some	 kind	 of	 underground	 sprinkling	 system	 to	 account	 for	 all	 this	 lush	 grass	 and
landscaping.	For	miles	and	miles,	all	you	can	see	is	scrubland.	And	not	that	far	from	the
District,	too.	Last	Stop	before	Heaven.	I	gotta	say,	for	a	funeral	home,	it’s	aptly	named.”
“Looks	deserted,”	Dennis	said	uneasily.	“Who	is	going	to	pick	the	lock?	It’s	a	given	this
place	is	buttoned	up.	It	looks	…	dead.”
“You	 had	 to	 say	 that,	 didn’t	 you,”	 Ted	 squeaked.	 “I	 guess	 I	 am	 since	 I	 have	 my	 own
lock-picking	kit.”
Espinosa	moved	then	to	take	as	many	pictures	as	fast	as	he	could,	so	they	could	leave.
He	 did	 not	 like	 funeral	 homes.	 He	 wondered	 if	 anyone	 really	 liked	 funeral	 homes.
Probably	only	the	morticians.	The	thought	of	being	married	to	one	sent	chills	up	his	spine.
He	continued	to	click	his	camera	in	a	frenzy.
“Make	it	snappy,	Ted.	I	want	to	get	this	over	with,”	Maggie	said	as	she	chewed	on	her
thumbnail,	which	was	already	bitten	down	to	the	quick.
“Okay,	 got	 it!	 Who	 wants	 to	 go	 first?”	 Ted	 shoved	 the	 lock-picking	 kit	 into	 his
backpack	and	stepped	back.
“You’re	 all	 a	 bunch	 of	 wusses.	 I’ll	 go.	 The	 place	 is	 empty.	 No	 boogeymen	 here,”
Maggie	said.
“Think	 about	 all	 those	 spirits	 that	 might	 have	 come	 through	 here.	 It	 is	 the	 last	 stop
before	 heaven.	 Maybe	 they	 weren’t	 ready	 to	 head	 on	 …	 up	 there	 and	 are	 still	 hanging
around.	I	bet	there	are	hundreds	of	them	inside,”	Dennis	mumbled.
“One	more	word	out	of	you,	and	you’re	going	to	be	the	last	customer	to	walk	through
these	doors,”	Ted	shot	back.
Maggie	 turned	 to	 lock	 the	 door,	 then	 slid	 the	 dead	 bolt	 at	 the	 very	 top.	 “Do	 you	 all
notice	this	place	is	…	like	for	handicapped?	There	are	no	stairs,	just	ramps.	Strange,	don’t
you	think?”
Her	response	was	a	chorus	of	nos.

“Well,	 I	 think	 it’s	 strange,	 and	 that’s	 all	 that	 matters.	 So,	 should	 we	 split	 up	 or	 stay
together?”
“This	place	gives	me	the	creeps,	I	say	we	stay	together,”	Dennis	said,	inching	closer	to
Ted,	who	didn’t	object.	Espinosa	continued	to	click	away	as	the	foursome	walked	up	the
ramp	into	what	looked	like	a	receiving	room	for	mourners.	The	scent	of	incense	and	dead
flowers	permeated	the	air.
Maggie	 led	 the	 parade.	 They	 switched	 on	 lights	 as	 they	 went	 along.	 “Chapel.	 Four
pews.	Religious	statues,	empty,	of	course.	Leave	the	door	open.	We	might	need	to	check
this	out	again.	This	floor	must	be	what	they	consider	the	public	area,	where	the	bereaved
come.	 The	 rooms	 off	 to	 the	 side	 with	 all	 that	 heavy	 velvet	 must	 be	 the	 …	 You	 know,
where	they	…”
“Put	 the	 dead	 bodies	 on	 display,”	 Ted	 barked.	 “We	 get	 it.	 The	 two	 on	 the	 left	 have
coffins	in	them.	The	room	on	the	right	has	six.	This	is	a	huge	place.	We	need	to	split	up,	or
we’ll	be	here	all	day.”
“Maybe	this	is	the	room	where	they	…	you	know	…	get	them	ready	for	viewing.	Or	…
this	is	the	area	for	…	prospective	…	what’s	the	word,	customer,	guest	…	what?”	Maggie
babbled.
Espinosa	stopped	clicking	long	enough	to	scowl	at	Maggie.
“Oh	jeez,	oh	jeez,”	Dennis	yelped.	“Okay,	okay,	I’ll	go	down	to	the	next	level.	It	looks
like	 office	 space,”	 he	 said	 as	 he	 pressed	 a	 light	 switch.	 Two	 things	 happened
simultaneously.	 The	 room	 was	 flooded	 with	 blinding	 white	 light,	 and	 somber,	 spinechilling	music	bounced	off	the	walls.	Startled,	he	adjusted	the	switch.	The	lighting	turned
dim,	and	the	music	became	a	mournful	dirge.	He	soldiered	on,	calling	out	his	findings	as
he	checked	out	the	suite	of	rooms.	“Eli	and	Ethel	Oberman	are	the	owners	of	this	…	this
place.	The	license	is	hanging	on	the	wall.	Looks	fake	to	me	if	anyone	wants	my	opinion.
There	is	no	raised	seal.	A	license	has	to	have	a	raised	seal.	Why	didn’t	they	take	it	with
them?	 It’s	 bogus,	 I’m	 sure	 of	 it.	 File	 drawers	 are	 full	 of	 folders,	 the	 records	 of	 all	 the
deceased.	Hundreds	of	them.”
Maggie	tuned	out	her	colleague	as	she	made	her	way	to	the	rear	of	the	first	floor.	The
plaque	on	the	door	said,	STORAGE.	She	opened	the	door	to	see	row	after	row	of	coffins.	She
turned	on	the	light	and	gasped.	Boxes	was	her	first	thought.	The	kids	were	right.	This	is
where	 they	 were	 kept	 and	 probably	 slept.	 She	 suddenly	 felt	 sick	 to	 her	 stomach.
“Espinosa,	get	in	here!	Now!”
Espinosa	skidded	to	a	stop	in	the	doorway,	his	gaze	raking	the	rows	of	coffins	of	every
shape,	size,	and	color.	“Oh	crap!”
“Take	some	close-ups.	The	…	the	…	bedding	is	mussed.”	Maggie	swallowed	hard.	The
vision	of	little	kids	sleeping	in	what	was	in	front	of	her	was	almost	more	than	she	could
bear.	Tears	pooled	in	her	eyes.	She	felt	a	gentle	hand	on	her	shoulder.	Ted.	Ted	was	always
there	for	her.	She	bit	down	on	her	lower	lip.	She	needed	to	toughen	up.	She	really	did	need
to	do	that.
“If	it’s	any	consolation,	Maggie,	little	kids	wouldn’t	have	any	conception	of	what	this
place	 was	 to	 them.	 They	 said	 they	 slept	 in	 boxes.	 These	 are	 just	 boxes.	 That’s	 how	 you

have	to	think	of	it.”
Maggie	hiccuped.	“This	place	is	in	the	middle	of	nowhere.	Where’s	the	damn	cemetery?
I	didn’t	see	one	driving	in.”
“Just	 because	 this	 is	 a	 mortuary	 doesn’t	 mean	 there’s	 a	 cemetery	 that	 goes	 with	 it.
That’s	an	ordinance	thing	towns	work	with.	I’m	not	an	authority,	I’m	just	guessing	here,”
Ted	said	soothingly	as	he	kept	a	tight	grip	on	Maggie’s	shoulder.
Maggie	 almost	 jumped	 out	 of	 her	 skin	 when	 she	 heard	 Dennis	 let	 loose	 with	 a
bloodcurdling	 yelp.	 “You	 need	 to	 come	 see	 this.	 There	 must	 be	 close	 to	 a	 thousand	 of
those	jars!	Those	are	ashes!	People!	What’s	left	of	them.	Look,	they	have	names	on	them.
They	fry	…	burn	…	roast,	crisp	them	in	that	big	brick	thing	in	the	back,	then	…	then	they
bring	them	in	here	and	line	them	up.	Look!	That	big	one	has	a	lightning	bolt	on	it.	Who
does	that?”	he	dithered.
“Either	my	hearing	is	accelerating,	or	someone	is	ringing	the	doorbell.	Do	you	hear	it?”
Espinosa	asked	as	he	lowered	his	camera	to	tilt	his	head	to	the	side.	“It	is	the	doorbell.”
“Oh,	shit!”	Ted	muttered.	“What	should	we	do?”
“Well,	we	lit	this	place	up	like	a	Christmas	morning,	so	whoever	it	is	knows	someone	is
in	here.	If	we	stay	here,	maybe	they’ll	go	away.	I	locked	the	door	and	slid	the	dead	bolt	at
the	top,	so	even	if	someone	has	a	key,	they	can’t	get	in.	Let’s	finish	with	this	room,	check
out	the	basement	where	they	…	where	they	…”
“Where	they	what?”	Dennis	demanded.
“Drain	the	deceased’s	blood	and	embalm	them,”	Espinosa	shot	back.
“I	 don’t	 think	 we	 need	 to	 go	 down	 there,”	 Maggie	 finally	 decided	 as	 the	 doorbell
continued	to	ring.
“If	we	go	to	the	front,	stay	close;	I	think	we	can	make	it	to	that	hallway	where	all	those
coffins	are.	The	room	on	the	right	with	the	six	coffins	will	give	us	a	view	of	the	front	door
and	 those	 two	 side	 panels.	 We’ll	 be	 able	 to	 see	 who	 it	 is	 being	 so	 damn	 insistent,”	 Ted
said.
“This	feels	like	a	conga	line,”	Dennis	said	as	he	grabbed	hold	of	Ted’s	belt	and	allowed
himself	to	be	dragged	forward.
“Okay,	 we’re	 here,	 now	 what	 do	 we	 do?	 The	 bell	 is	 still	 ringing.	 They	 must	 be
desperate,	whoever	they	are,”	Maggie	said	as	she	stared	down	at	the	bronze	coffin	in	front
of	 her.	 She	 frowned	 when	 she	 saw	 the	 small	 brass	 plate	 near	 the	 gold-plated	 handles.
Agnes	Twitt.
“You	guys	ever	hear	of	a	casket	line	called	Agnes	Twitt?”	Maggie	asked.	“Springfield
I’ve	heard	of.	Pricey.	Top	of	the	line.	I	just	saw	a	commercial	for	them	on	TV	a	few	weeks
ago.	Creeped	me	out.”
Ted	turned	around	so	fast	he	almost	knocked	Maggie	off	her	feet,	the	force	making	her
fall	 back	 against	 the	 coffin,	 causing	 it	 to	 hit	 the	 wall	 and	 the	 lid	 fly	 open,	 then	 careen
around	 and	 roll	 down	 the	 ramp	 toward	 the	 front	 door,	 where	 it	 came	 to	 a	 full	 stop	 with
Agnes	Twitt	bouncing	up	and	back	in	her	nest	of	pillows.

“Holy	 shit!”	 Ted,	 Dennis,	 and	 Espinosa	 said	 in	 unison.	 Maggie,	 her	 eyes	 glazed,
tottered	down	the	ramp	to	stare	at	Agnes	Twitt,	then	at	the	men	on	the	other	side	of	the
door.	“What	…	what	just	happened?”	she	managed	to	squeak	as	she	stared	at	Agnes	Twitt
and	the	string	of	pearls	that	were	caught	in	one	of	her	ears.
“We’re	closed!	Can’t	you	read	the	sign?”	Ted	bellowed,	so	the	men	on	the	other	side	of
the	door	could	hear	him.
“Our	 grandfather	 just	 died.	 We	 need	 to	 bring	 him	 here.	 We	 wish	 him	 to	 be	 cremated.
This	is	his	wish.	Our	family’s	wish.	He	wanted	this	place,”	the	man	closest	to	the	window
shouted.
“Sorry,	mister,	the	owners	left	town.	There	is	no	one	here	to	help	you.”
“Then	what	is	that	person	doing	in	the	casket	behind	you?”	the	voice	on	the	other	side
bellowed	just	as	loud	as	Ted	had	bellowed.	“Why	are	you	here	if	the	place	is	closed?”
“That’s	…	that’s	Agnes.	She’s	waiting	for	pickup.	Why	else	do	you	think	she’s	here	by
the	 door?	 You	 need	 to	 leave	 now.	 We’re	 just	 here	 to	 help	 out	 temporarily.	 We	 have	 our
orders.	Besides	this	place	is	expensive.	See	this	casket,	it’s	bronze,	and	it	costs	$25,000.
Top-of-the-line	Springfield.	You	can	get	it	cheaper	somewhere	else,”	Ted	said	in	a	jittery
voice.
“Tell	 him	 the	 bedding	 is	 silk	 and	 cashmere,”	 Maggie	 hissed.	 Ted	 looked	 at	 her	 like
she’d	sprouted	a	second	head.
“Just	 the	 cover	 and	 pillows	 cost	 a	 fortune	 because	 they’re	 silk	 and	 cashmere.	 It	 was
what	…	what	Agnes	wanted,”	Ted	managed	to	gasp,	his	eyes	wide	as	saucers	as	he	stared
first	 at	 Agnes	 Twitt,	 then	 the	 men	 at	 the	 door.	 He	 wondered	 who	 would	 fix	 the	 pearls
around	her	neck.
“Money	is	no	object,”	came	the	retort.	“We	want	to	send	our	grandfather	off	with	the
best.”
“Well,	buddy,	that	ain’t	gonna	happen	because…	because	it	ain’t	gonna	happen.	Now,
skedaddle,	or	I’m	calling	the	police,”	Ted	said	with	as	much	authority	as	he	could	muster
in	his	voice,	considering	the	circumstances.	“We’re	closed.	We	are	out	of	business.	Read
the	sign.	You	…	you	have	our	condolences	on	the	death	of	your	grandfather.”
Maggie,	Espinosa,	and	Dennis	bobbed	their	heads	up	and	down	to	show	that	the	men
outside	had	their	condolences	as	well.
Cursing,	 the	 men	 turned	 to	 leave.	 The	 four	 intrepid	 reporters	 pressed	 themselves	 up
against	 the	 two	 side	 windows	 to	 watch	 as	 the	 gaggle	 of	 men	 trailed	 back	 to	 two	 mudcaked	pickup	trucks.	They	watched	until	they	lost	sight	of	the	trucks.
As	one,	they	turned	around	to	stare	at	Agnes	Twitt	and	her	pearls,	which	were	askew.
“We’re	really	sorry	about	this,	Agnes.	Wherever	you	are,	think	about	this.	If	Ted	hadn’t
jostled	me,	you’d	be	in	that	room	maybe	forever.	Everything	happens	for	a	reason—we	all
know	that.	Oh,	God!	Do	you	think	there	are	other	bodies	in	those	other	coffins?”	Maggie
babbled	as	she	stared	down	at	Agnes	Twitt.
“Did	you	take	a	picture	of	Agnes?”

“Yes.	I.	Did!”	Espinosa	responded.
“Good,	because	no	one	is	going	to	believe	this.	Come	on,	we	need	to	check	the	rest	of
those	…	those	boxes,	then	make	some	calls,”	Maggie	said.
“What	about	Agnes?”	Dennis	asked.
“Seriously,	Dennis?	We	can’t	take	her	back	up.	She	has	to	stay	here.	Move!”
Back	 in	 the	 room,	 it	 was	 left	 to	 Ted	 to	 raise	 the	 tops	 of	 the	 coffins.	 “This	 is	 Alfred
Saddlebury.	Looks	like	he’s	been	here	a	while.	He’s	not	looking	so	good.	And	this	one	is
Chester	 Mason.	 He	 looks	 kind	 of	 fresh,	 like	 he	 was	 just	 done	 recently.	 And	 this	 one	 is
Sasha	Yakodowsky.	Too	much	rouge	for	a	lady	her	age.	The	last	one	is	…	Oh,	crap	…	this
is	Benjamin	Franks.	He	looks	to	be	about	ten.	And	he’s	been	here	wayyyy	too	long.	Don’t
look,	Maggie.”
Dennis	 was	 busy	 dialing	 911.	 He	 explained	 the	 situation	 and	 said,	 “We’ll	 be	 waiting
outside.	Please	be	careful,	Agnes	is	right	up	against	the	door.	There’s	no	way	we	can	get
that	gurney	back	up	the	ramp.	And	when	you	do	get	her	you	might	want	to	…	to	…	adjust
her	pearls.	It’s	a	lady	thing.	Women	and	their	pearls.”
“We	need	a	cover	story	for	all	of	this,”	Ted	said,	waving	his	arms	about.
“We	were	here	to	meet	with	the	Obermans	to	do	a	story	on	how	they	came	up	with	the
name	 for	 the	 mortuary.	 Human	 interest.	 That	 kind	 of	 thing.	 The	 door	 was	 open	 so	 we
walked	in	and	felt	something	was	wrong.	Soon	as	we	discovered	what	we	…	discovered
…	we	called	nine-one-one.	We	do	not	mention	the	men	at	the	door.	Is	that	clear?”	Maggie
said	in	her	take-charge	voice	that	no	one	in	their	right	mind	would	ever	argue	with.
“I	guess	that	will	work,”	Espinosa	said	as	he	packed	his	camera	in	his	backpack.
“What	do	you	think	would	have	happened	to	those	…	the	deceased	if	we	hadn’t	come
here?”	asked	Dennis.	“What	do	you	think	those	men	would	have	done	with	…”
“Don’t	go	there,	kid,”	said	Ted.	“It	didn’t	happen.	That’s	the	good	thing.	This	is	in	other
hands	now.”
“Amen,”	Maggie	said	solemnly.

Chapter	Nine

The	Post	reporters	dutifully	answered	all	the	questions	the	local	Virginia	authorities	asked
them,	 stressing	 the	 fact	 that	 they	 hadn’t	 touched	 anything	 inside	 the	 building	 other	 than
bumping	into	the	coffin	that	led	to	the	accident	with	Agnes	Twitt,	who	slept	peacefully	her
forever	 sleep	 by	 the	 front	 door.	 It	 took	 one	 of	 the	 officers	 twenty	 minutes	 before	 he
lowered	 the	 top	 of	 the	 coffin.	 No	 one	 seemed	 to	 care	 about	 the	 pearls	 that	 were	 askew
around	Agnes’s	neck	but	Dennis,	who	walked	around	asking	someone	to	please	take	care
of	the	matter.	No	one	paid	the	slightest	attention	to	his	pleas.
Ninety	 minutes	 later,	 Maggie	 put	 her	 foot	 down.	 Hard.	 “We	 told	 you	 everything	 we
know.	There	is	nothing	more	we	can	do	here.	We	need	to	leave.	You	can	get	in	touch	with
us	at	the	paper	or	call	us	personally	at	the	BOLO	Building.	The	number	is	on	each	card	we
turned	over	to	you.	We	all	gave	you	our	personal	cell-phone	numbers	as	well.”
A	 young	 officer	 who	 looked	 like	 he	 wasn’t	 old	 enough	 to	 shave	 nodded	 and	 thanked
them	for	their	help,	saying	they	would	be	in	touch	but	reminding	them	they	all	needed	to
go	by	the	station	to	sign	the	statements	they’d	just	given.	The	gang	agreed	and	climbed
into	the	van.	Dennis	pressed	hard	on	the	gas	as	they	flew	out	of	the	parking	lot.	No	one
paid	attention	to	the	scenery	or	the	Best	Western	as	Dennis	whizzed	down	the	road.
“Someone	should	say	something,”	Maggie	groused.	“I’ve	been	doing	all	the	talking,	it
seems.”
“That’s	because	you	never	shut	up	and	forever	tell	us	you	are	the	boss,	so	we	are	just
doing	what	you	want	us	to	do.	Make	up	your	damn	mind	already,”	Ted	growled.
“What	do	you	think	they	are	going	to	do	with	the	…	the	…	deceased?”	Maggie	asked.
Espinosa	raised	his	hand.	“I	know	the	answer	to	that	because	I	asked.	Last	Stop	before
Heaven	 is	 where	 the	 local	 authorities	 send	 all	 their	 Jane	 and	 John	 Does,	 and	 the	 county
pays	for	burial.	In	other	words,	the	indigent.	Supposedly.	Which	does	not	compute	to	me
because	of	that	Springfield	casket	that	goes	for	25K.	LSBH	is	one	in	a	chain	of	close	to
three	hundred	throughout	the	country.	The	coroner	himself	told	me	that.	He	also	said	this
was	so	far	out	in	the	country	that	most	people	opt	to	use	funeral	homes	in	town	closer	to
where	they	live.	The	indigent	get	buried	in	pine	boxes	or	cremated.	There	were	all	those
…	jars	lined	up	in	that	one	room,	so	I	guess	what	he	said	is	true,	as	he	should	know.	He	is
the	coroner,	after	all.”
“What’s	going	to	happen	to	Agnes	and	the	other	four?”	Maggie	fretted.
“They’re	 calling	 the	 Dylan	 Funeral	 Home	 in	 Alexandria	 to	 come	 for	 the	 deceased.
There’s	a	ton	of	paperwork	someone	is	going	to	have	to	go	through	to	…	you	know,	notify
next	of	kin	if	there	are	any	and	to	find	a	new	home	for	all	those	jars.	This	is	not	sitting
well	with	me,	guys,”	Espinosa	said.	“In	point	of	fact,	it’s	making	me	sick	to	my	stomach.”
“You	 need	 to	 get	 over	 yourself,	 Joe.	 We’re	 reporters;	 we’re	 supposed	 to	 be	 able	 to
handle	anything	we	report	on,”	Ted	said,	but	there	was	no	conviction	in	his	voice.
“We’re	 here!”	 Dennis	 shouted,	 as	 the	 gates	 to	 the	 alley	 behind	 the	 BOLO	 Building
opened	up.	The	moment	the	iron	gates	clanged	shut,	he	let	loose	with	a	loud	roar.	“Safe!!”

Everyone	started	talking	at	once.	“Why	are	we	here?	I	Thought	we	were	going	to	the
farm!	No	one	is	here!	The	lot	is	empty!”
Dennis	looked	around,	befuddled.	“You	told	the	officers	we	were	coming	here,	and	this
is	where	we	could	be	reached.	None	of	you	said	anything	on	the	drive	here,”	he	said	as
they	were	exiting	the	van.
“Easy,	kid!	We’re	all	in	a	daze	here	in	case	you	haven’t	noticed.	Let’s	just	get	back	in
the	van	and	head	out	to	the	farm.	It’s	not	your	fault.	I’ll	drive	this	time,”	Ted	said.
Dennis	 was	 the	 last	 to	 climb	 aboard.	 He	 felt	 foolish	 until	 Maggie	 wrapped	 her	 arms
around	 his	 shoulders.	 “If	 it’s	 any	 consolation,	 Dennis,	 I	 didn’t	 even	 know	 we’d	 arrived
until	you	yelled,	‘Safe’!	We’re	all	having	a	bad	day	here,	so	don’t	take	it	personally.”
Espinosa	clapped	him	on	the	back	to	show	that	he	agreed.
Dennis	felt	better	immediately,	so	he	leaned	back	and	closed	his	eyes,	pretending	sleep,
while	his	mind	raced	around	thinking	about	what	the	four	of	them	had	just	been	through.
Forty-five	minutes	later,	Ted	steered	the	van	through	the	gates	of	Pinewood.	The	sound
of	all	the	dogs	barking	was	like	music	to	his	ears.	The	kitchen	door	opened	as	Jack,	Harry,
and	Abner	stepped	out	onto	the	small	porch,	the	dogs	clustered	at	their	legs.
“Hurry,	 get	 in	 here	 before	 you	 drown,”	 Charles	 called	 out.	 “Fergus	 just	 washed	 and
dried	all	the	towels	from	earlier.”
“You	are	not	going	to	believe—”
“Save	 it,	 dear,	 for	 when	 we	 can	 all	 pay	 attention	 down	 below,”	 Charles	 said	 as	 he
handed	out	towels.	Only	Jack	noticed	Cyrus	slinking	off	to	his	spot	under	the	table.	The
big	shepherd	hated	folding	towels.
“You	guys	look	…	oh,	I	don’t	know,	like	you	just	saw	a	ghost,	green	around	the	gills,	if
you	like	that	cliché,”	Abner	said	flippantly.	“Coffee	is	fresh.	Sandwiches	are	wrapped	in
the	fridge.”
“Food!	Food!	Is	that	what	you	said?	Don’t	ever	say	that	word	out	loud	in	front	of	me
ever	 again.	 Do	 you	 hear	 me?	 I’ll	 probably	 never	 ever	 eat	 again	 for	 the	 rest	 of	 my	 life,”
Maggie	wailed	dramatically.
“We	aren’t	hungry,”	Dennis	said.
“No,	we	aren’t	hungry,”	Ted	and	Espinosa	said	in	unison.
“Everyone	 dry?”	 Not	 bothering	 to	 wait	 for	 a	 response	 from	 the	 foursome,	 Charles
headed	for	the	secret	staircase	to	the	war	room,	where	they	could	get	to	work.
Cyrus	was	first	in	the	parade,	Lady	staying	behind	with	her	pups	to	do	her	job,	which
was	to	guard	the	premises	and	make	sure	no	one	approached	the	door	that	she	guarded	by
lying	down	on	the	mat	in	front	of	it.	Her	pups	took	up	their	positions	and	went	to	sleep.
Outside,	the	rain	continued	to	pour	down	like	a	tsunami.
Down	below	in	the	old	dungeons	that	now	housed	the	war	room	of	Pinewood,	the	gang
saluted	 Lady	 Justice	 before	 they	 took	 their	 seats	 at	 the	 huge	 round	 table,	 where	 they
immediately	 started	 to	 babble	 and	 talk	 over	 one	 another	 for	 a	 good	 fifteen	 minutes.

Somehow,	it	all	made	sense	to	the	gang	when	they	finally	wound	down,	and	Jack	said,	“So
this	is	where	we	are	right	now.	I	think	this	is	also	the	moment	when	Charles	will	give	us
his	favorite	Leo	Tolstoy	quote:	‘The	two	most	powerful	warriors	are	patience	and	time.’	”
“Thank	 you	 for	 that,	 Jack,”	 Charles	 said	 tongue	 in	 cheek.	 “It	 truly	 does	 apply	 here.
There	is	no	immediate	rush	on	anything	at	the	moment.	The	children	are	safe.	I	think	we
can	 all	 agree	 that	 is	 paramount.	 Their	 mother	 is	 on	 the	 way.	 So	 we	 have	 time	 on	 that.
Patience	is	something	none	of	us	have,	and	that’s	okay	to	a	point.	We	now	need	to	focus
on	the	Karas	brothers.	Abner	has	more	to	say	on	that	subject,	which	he	will	share	with	the
rest	of	us	shortly.
“Maggie’s	report	on	the	Last	Stop	before	Heaven	establishment	right	now	is	what	we
need	to	discuss.”	Like	Myra	and	Annie,	Charles	never	referred	to	the	photo	journalist	by
his	last	name	and	always	called	him	Joseph.	“Joseph	is	going	to	show	us	all	the	pictures	he
took	 on	 the	 big	 screen.	 We	 all	 need	 to	 look	 at	 them	 carefully;	 then	 we’ll	 discuss
everyone’s	opinion.	Next	up	will	be	Abner,	who	has	been	in	constant	contact	with	his	…
ah	…	colleague,	Philonias	Needlemeyer.	From	there,	we	will	go	wherever	we	need	to	go.
You	have	the	floor,	Joseph.”
“I’ll	put	the	pictures	up,	and	Ted	can	narrate.”
“I	haven’t	been	in	all	that	many	funeral	homes,	but	this	one	appears	to	be	the	same	as
the	 ones	 I’ve	 seen.	 By	 that	 I	 mean	 the	 areas	 that	 the	 public	 see.	 Lots	 of	 velvet	 draping
behind	where	the	caskets	are	set	up	for	viewing.	They,	the	caskets,	sit	on	gurneys.	With
wheels	 that	 lock.	 The	 lids,	 covers,	 the	 tops,	 whatever	 they’re	 called,	 are	 in	 two	 pieces.
Only	half	is	open	to	view	…	uh	…	the	upper	extremities.
“The	 place	 smelled.	 Like	 incense	 and	 dead	 flowers,	 and	 there	 were	 plenty	 of	 those
around.	If	I	had	to	take	a	guess,	I	don’t	think	the	owners	have	been	gone	long,	a	few	days
at	the	most.	Dennis	said	this	license	Joe	is	showing	you	now	is	bogus	because	there	is	no
raised	seal,	so	who	knows	if	Eli	and	Ethel	Oberman	are	the	true	owners	or	not.	Or	if	the
persons	who	were	running	the	funeral	home	were	really	named	Eli	and	Ethel	Oberman.
“There	are	ramps	everywhere	and	no	steps.	I	don’t	know	if	that’s	a	handicap	law	or	not.
The	few	funeral	homes	I’ve	been	in	had	no	ramps.	I	don’t	know	if	that’s	important	or	not.
If	it	weren’t	for	the	ramp,	Agnes	Twitt	wouldn’t	be	where	she	is	by	the	front	door	in	the
picture	you’re	now	seeing,”	Ted	said,	as	a	picture	of	the	deceased	appeared	on	the	screen.
“What	 happened	 was,	 we	 couldn’t	 get	 to	 the	 handles	 quick	 enough	 and	 the	 casket	 got
away	from	us	and	she	…	well,	what	she	did	was	kind	of	…	bounce	in	the	air	and	fall	back
and	that’s	why	she	…	she	looks	like	what	you’re	seeing.”
A	 new	 picture	 appeared	 on	 the	 screen,	 the	 room	 where	 all	 the	 caskets	 were	 lined	 up.
“This	is	where	we	think	the	kids	were	kept.	Or	at	least	they	slept	in	…	in	them.	The	covers
or	whatever	you	call	them	were	mussed	up.	Carrie	was	right	when	she	said	they	slept	in
boxes.	To	a	kid,	a	casket	would	seem	like	a	box.”
More	 pictures	 appeared.	 “File	 room.	 We	 didn’t	 touch	 those	 at	 all.	 We	 did	 look	 inside
each	 cabinet.	 All	 of	 them	 were	 full.	 Either	 a	 lot	 of	 dead	 people	 went	 through	 there,	 or
those	 were	 the	 files	 for	 the	 kids	 who	 passed	 through.	 No	 way	 to	 know.	 We	 were	 just
getting	into	it	when	the	doorbell	rang,	and	all	those	men	appeared	with	their	story	of	their
grandfather	dying.	That’s	when	Agnes	Twitt	rolled	down	the	ramp	and	slammed	into	the

door.	Trust	me	when	I	tell	you	there	was	no	dead	grandfather.	The	guys	looked	like	thugs
who	had	come	there	to	do	some	serious	work,	like	cleaning	out	the	place.	And	we	didn’t
get	a	chance	to	explore	the	back,	where	they	…	where	the	crematorium	is.”
“Ted,	you	forgot	the	room	with	the	jars,”	Dennis	said.
“No,	I	didn’t	forget.	Joe	didn’t	put	it	up	on	the	screen.	Let’s	see	it!”	Ted	said.
Espinosa	 scrolled	 through	 his	 camera	 till	 he	 found	 what	 he	 was	 looking	 for,	 and	 in
seconds,	 the	 room	 appeared	 on	 the	 big	 screen.	 What	 looked	 to	 be	 well	 over	 a	 thousand
jars,	some	large,	some	small,	in	different	colors	with	labeled	names	on	the	tops	that	were
sealed	shut	made	everyone	in	the	room	blink.
“I’m	not	sure	about	this,	but	I	think	I	read	somewhere	that	you	have	to	pay	to	have	a
funeral	home	store	…	display,	don’t	know	the	correct	term	for	a	person’s	remains.	Most
people	take	their	loved	one’s	ashes	home	with	them.	I	have	a	friend	I	went	to	school	with
who	 keeps	 his	 parents’	 ashes	 on	 the	 top	 shelf	 of	 his	 bedroom.	 I	 don’t	 think	 I	 could	 do
that,”	Ted	said	in	a	strangled-sounding	voice.
“So,	that’s	it?”	Charles	asked.
“Pretty	much.	I	took	some	pictures	of	the	empty	parking	lot,	the	landscaping,	the	front
of	the	building,	the	sign,	but	that’s	it,	yes,”	Espinosa	responded.
“Anyone	have	any	questions?”	Charles	asked.	There	were	no	questions.	“Then	I	guess
it’s	up	to	Abner	to	tell	us	what	he	has	if	anything.	You	have	the	floor,	Abner.”
“Look,	I’m	not	a	miracle	worker	here.	I	can	only	go	by	what’s	out	there	to	find.	First,
and	 to	 me	 the	 most	 important,	 is	 the	 BOLO	 out	 on	 Allison	 Bannon.	 Every	 lawenforcement	agency	in	this	crazy	alphabet	city	is	on	the	hunt	for	her.	I	assume	you	haven’t
heard	anything	more,	Harry?”
“She	 said	 she	 would	 call.	 That	 lady	 knows	 what	 she’s	 doing.	 Somehow	 or	 other,	 she
will	find	a	way	to	get	here	because	she	knows	we	have	her	kids,	and	that’s	the	only	thing
on	her	mind	right	now.	We	just	have	to	wait	for	her	to	call.”
“I’m	on	top	of	the	different	agencies,	and	so	are	my	…	colleagues.	I’ll	hear	the	minute
there	 is	 a	 sighting	 of	 any	 kind,	 real	 or	 not.	 Trust	 me	 on	 that.	 I’m	 also	 working	 on	 the
husband	angle.	It	would	appear,	and	Phil	agrees,	that	he	is	a	traitor	and	on	someone	else’s
payroll	 besides	 the	 CIA’s.	 For	 Allison	 to	 run	 like	 that	 without	 her	 husband	 pretty	 much
buttons	that	up	where	I’m	concerned.
“I	was	on	the	Net	with	Phil	most	of	the	night.	I’m	going	to	call	him	in	a	bit	and	put	him
on	speaker,	so	you	can	all	hear	what	he	has	to	say.	He	said	there	is	no	history,	no	legend
created	for	the	Karas	brothers.	It’s	just	not	there.	What	he	was	able	to	pick	up	was	the	day
the	brothers	made	their	entrance	into	the	world	in	Paris,	France	at	the	age	of	twenty-two.
He	said	it	was	as	if	they	had	been	born	that	very	day.	Now,	he	did	hack	into	the	passport
records.	 This	 you	 might	 find	 interesting.	 The	 brothers	 are	 forty-eight,	 according	 to	 their
passports	 and	 international	 driving	 licenses.	 So,	 twenty-six	 years	 ago,	 they	 stayed	 in
France	for	close	to	six	years.	They	lived	high	in	a	villa	with	a	houseful	of	servants.	They
rarely	ventured	out,	and	when	they	did,	it	was	with	a	retinue	of	many.	Then,	when	the	six
years	 were	 up,	 they	 stormed	 the	 international	 scene.	 They	 were	 handsome,	 charming,

charismatic,	 spoke	 many	 languages,	 and	 had	 money	 to	 burn.	 They	 did	 not	 entangle
themselves	 with	 women.	 Occasionally,	 they	 were	 seen	 and	 photographed	 with	 beautiful
women,	but	there	were	no	relationships	anyone	talked	about.	This	is	when	they	started	to
travel	extensively,	never	staying	in	one	place	more	than	a	few	days	at	a	time.
“Phil	 backtracked	 the	 slave-trafficking	 stats,	 and	 that’s	 when	 it	 all	 started	 to	 heat	 up.
Every	agency	under	the	sun	was	on	it,	but	no	one	has	been	able	to	trace	the	source.	But,
with	the	aid	of	all	our	colleagues,	Phil	and	I	have	come	to	the	conclusion	that	wherever
they	 traveled,	 either	 before,	 during,	 or	 after,	 a	 group	 of	 children	 went	 missing	 in	 the
vicinity.	That	they	are	responsible	is	just	a	theory,	nothing	more.	But	I	strongly	agree	with
it.	 Back	 then,	 the	 agencies	 went	 public,	 asking	 for	 the	 citizens’	 help.	 When	 that	 didn’t
work,	they	shut	down	and	kept	it	all	close	to	the	vest.”
Jack	 leaned	 forward.	 “I	 do	 not	 understand	 how	 so	 many	 children	 could	 have	 gone
missing	 without	 the	 world’s	 going	 crazy.	 Where	 are	 the	 parents?	 I’d	 leave	 no	 stone
unturned	if	I	had	a	kid	and	he	or	she	got	snatched.	I’d	be	screaming	my	head	off	to	the
authorities,	and	now,	with	social	media,	I	just	don’t	see	why	there	is	not	more	of	an	uproar.
Someone	needs	to	explain	that	to	me.	The	only	thing	I	ever	see	on	TV	is	that	guy	John
Walsh,”	Jack	said,	anger	ringing	in	his	voice.
“I	 think	 we	 all	 feel	 like	 that.	 Where	 do	 the	 Karas	 brothers,	 if	 it	 turns	 out	 they	 are
responsible,	 get	 the	 children	 they’re	 selling?	 Are	 they	 orphans,	 foster	 kids,	 kids	 off	 the
street?	Tell	me	where?”	Ted	asked	in	frustration.
“All	of	the	above.	The	hue	and	cry	in	the	Asian	and	European	countries	is	not	what	it	is
here.	A	lot	of	the	kids	are	the	throwaways.	The	ones	no	one	wants,	which	is	sad	to	say.
Then	there	is	the	Net,	where	all	kinds	of	crap	is	posted	that	kids	see	and	believe.	Young
women	offered	glamorous	jobs	overseas,	a	life	of	richness	and	fame.	They	fall	for	it.	What
we	found	out	also	are	blond	young	women	are	at	the	top	of	the	list.	Little	blond	girls	go
for	so	much	money	it’s	sinful.
“Phil	 read	 me	 a	 statistic	 that	 made	 me	 run	 for	 the	 bathroom.	 He	 said	 a	 ten-year-old
blonde	with	good	teeth,	and	he	stressed	good	teeth,	goes	for	several	million	dollars.	The
buyer	or	buyers,	as	in	plural,	use	her	till	she’s	fourteen	or	fifteen,	depending	on	her	breast
size,	then	put	her	out	on	the	sex	circuit.	By	that	time,	the	years	of	drugs	and	decadence
generally	 lead	 to	 death	 by	 age	 seventeen.	 The	 same	 thing	 for	 the	 older	 ones.	 The	 fresh
ones	are	used	up	by	twenty-three	or	-four.	Then	they	go	on	the	circuit,	too.	It’s	a	filthy,
rotten	business.”
“But	how	…”	Dennis	tried	to	speak.
“It’s	 all	 done	 on	 the	 dark	 side	 of	 the	 Web,	 the	 underbelly.	 Dennis,	 you	 have	 no	 idea
what	goes	on	there.	I	can	truthfully	say	I	wish	I	didn’t	know,”	Abner	said.
“But	everything	points	to	the	Karas	brothers,	right?”	Charles	asked.
“Yes.	Points	to.	No	proof.	Phil’s	wife	and	former	hacker,	PIP,	which	stands	for	Pretty	in
Pink,	 has	 a	 theory	 that	 Phil	 and	 I	 both	 more	 or	 less	 agree	 with.	 It’s	 just	 a	 theory,
understand	that.”
“Well,	what	is	it?”	Jack	demanded.

“We	think	the	Karas	brothers	were	given	their	names	by	the	masterminds	behind	all	of
the	 child	 trafficking	 when	 they	 plucked	 them	 out	 of	 nowhere.	 Then	 they	 took	 them	 to
France,	where,	as	I	told	you,	they	stayed	for	six	years.	PIP	thinks	they	were	schooled	in
every	 phase	 of	 life	 to	 turn	 them	 into	 what	 they	 are	 today,	 the	 charming	 international
playboys	with	money	to	burn.	She	also	thinks,	and	this	is	where	we	all	three	agree,	that	the
brothers	were	hypnotized,	or	if	you	like	the	term	programmed	better,	go	with	it,	and	they
have	 no	 memory	 of	 their	 life	 before	 they	 were	 taken	 to	 France.	 I	 don’t	 know	 too	 much
about	 hypnotism	 or	 being	 programmed,	 but	 from	 what	 I’ve	 read,	 the	 process	 has	 to	 be
reinforced	from	time	to	time	or	their	real	memories	would	come	back.	I	know	it	sounds
crazy	and	way	out	there,	but	still,	it	does	make	sense	since	we	have	nothing	better	to	go
by.”
“That	 is	 so	 …	 preposterous!”	 Maggie	 stuttered	 as	 she	 grappled	 with	 what	 she’d	 just
heard.
“No	 it	 isn’t.	 It	 makes	 perfect	 sense,”	 Jack	 said.	 “More	 sense	 than	 anything	 we	 have
come	up	with.	Think	about	it.	They’ve	been	literally	programmed.	That	has	to	be	another
reason	why	they	travel	with	the	entourage	they	do,	so	no	one	can	get	close	to	them.	I	guess
what	we’re	saying	is	that	they	oversee	the	operation,	but	their	hands	are	clean.	So	we	now
also	have	to	find	the	masterminds	behind	all	of	this,	not	just	the	Karas	brothers.”
“Correct.	 And	 for	 doing	 what	 they	 do,	 they	 get	 to	 lead	 the	 life	 they	 lead.	 And	 before
you	can	ask,	no,	they	do	not	have	a	conscience.	That	was	wiped	out.	The	answer	to	the
other	question	you	haven’t	asked	yet	is	yes,	they	probably	had	as	extensive	plastic	surgery
as	you	can	get	these	days,	not	back	then,	to	fool	all	the	facial-recognition	programs.	As	I
said,	they	were	born	the	day	they	were	picked	up	from	wherever	they	lived.	Somewhere	in
Europe	would	be	my	guess,”	Abner	said.
“How	do	we	fight	this?	What	can	we	do?	Where	do	we	start?”	Harry	finally	said.
No	one	had	an	answer.
“I	 guess	 we	 have	 to	 wait	 for	 Allison	 Bannon	 to	 get	 in	 touch.	 She	 and	 her	 team	 have
been	on	this	case	for	years.	I	hate	saying	it,	but	it	looks	like	she’s	our	only	lead	right	now,”
Harry	said.
“There	is	one	other	thing.	Phil,	PIP,	and	I	all	agree	that	the	Karas	brothers	are	on	the
move.	As	of	this	morning,	they	were	registered	at	the	Ritz-Carlton	hotel	in	Buckhead	in
Atlanta.	 They	 rented	 three	 entire	 floors	 for	 three	 weeks.	 They	 had	 a	 full	 week	 to	 go	 on
their	reservation	when	they	packed	up	and	left.	Several	hours	ago,	to	be	precise.	They	did
pay	 for	 the	 whole	 week	 for	 all	 three	 floors.	 We	 have	 Phil	 to	 thank	 for	 this	 information,
wizard	that	he	is.	Like	I	said,	they’re	on	the	move.	Phil	is	waiting	for	some	satellite	to	go
overhead	to	pick	them	up.	Seems	he	has	a	contact	at	NASA	that	…	ah	…	helps	him	out
from	time	to	time.”
“Oh	 jeez,	 are	 you	 saying	 you	 guys	 are	 messing	 with	 the	 …	 oh	 jeez,”	 Dennis	 twitted.
“That’s	really,	like,	you	know,	breaking	some	serious	laws.	NASA?”
Harry	turned	and,	with	one	look	at	the	young	reporter,	reduced	him	to	pure	misery.	“No
one	 is	 forcing	 you	 to	 do	 anything	 you	 don’t	 want	 to	 do,	 kid.	 You	 can	 leave	 now	 if	 you
want	to,	no	hard	feelings.	Where	is	all	this	coming	from	all	of	a	sudden?”

Dennis	squared	his	shoulders	and	eyeballed	Harry.	“I	panicked	for	a	moment,	okay?	My
bad.	It	won’t	happen	again.	If	we	need	the	satellite,	then	we	need	it.	I’m	good,	Harry.”
Harry	clapped	Dennis	on	the	shoulder	and	grinned.	Harry	never	grinned.	Dennis	lit	up
like	a	Christmas	tree.
“Listen,	people,	I	need	to	say	something,”	Maggie	said.	“I’m	going	to	backpedal	here
on	a	suggestion	I	made	about	arranging	a	contest	for	the	kids	or	whatever	we	were	going
to	call	it	in	the	hopes	that	would	bring	the	Karas	brothers	to	us	since	we	can’t	seem	to	get
to	them.	It’s	too	risky.	Especially	for	the	children.”
“Psychologist	Leo	Buscaglia	said	the	person	who	risks	nothing	does	nothing,”	Charles
announced	in	a	tone	of	voice	that	reminded	many	of	Sundays	spent	in	church.
“Yeah,	 well,	 tell	 Leo	 I’m	 not	 buying	 into	 that	 little	 ditty,”	 Maggie	 said,	 her	 voice
sounding	sour.	“I	found,	I	think,	a	better	way.	And	…	I	even	sent	Annie	a	text,	and	she
okayed	it.	So	there!”
“Well,	in	that	case	…”	Charles	started	to	say,	until	Maggie	held	up	her	hand	for	silence
on	his	part.
“We—I	guess	that	comes	down	to	me—I	am	going	to	write	an	open	invitation	for	the
morning	issue	of	the	Post	tomorrow.	Location	to	be	determined.	Which	means	I	have	to
get	 on	 it	 ASAP.	 A	 black	 tie	 dinner	 event	 to	 raise	 money	 for	 missing	 and	 exploited
children.	 Annie	 promised	 ten	 million	 dollars	 to	 kick	 it	 off.	 And	 she	 promised	 to	 match,
dollar	 for	 dollar,	 what	 we	 raise.	 Here	 is	 my	 plan.	 I	 am	 going	 to	 publish	 a	 list	 of	 every
famous	 person	 I	 can	 come	 up	 with,	 right	 down	 to	 the	 president	 and	 vice	 president.	 I’m
going	to	say	the	list	of	people	is	the	tentative	invitation	list.	Not	that	we’re	actually	going
to	send	out	the	invitations.	But,	as	Annie	pointed	out,	if	it	looks	like	it	will	fly,	then	we
should	 actually	 do	 it.	 Movie	 stars,	 politicians,	 socialites.	 Everyone	 will	 be	 buzzing	 and
talking	and	asking	if	they	got	their	invitation,	and,	of	course,	the	answer	will	be	no,	which
will	 generate	 all	 kinds	 of	 interest.	 We’ll	 use	 social	 media	 every	 way	 we	 can.	 Abner	 can
take	care	of	that.	Of	course,	the	Karas	brothers	will	be	on	the	list.	How	could	they	pass	up
something	like	that?	Countess	Anna	de	Silva,	who	I	am	sure	has	a	net	worth	much	much
greater	than	they	do.	We	always	worry	at	the	paper	about	being	sued.	Annie	said	if	we	do
it	this	way,	there	is	no	problem.	I	suspect	she	knows	what	she’s	talking	about	and	is	right.
I’m	also	sure	she	has	her	lawyers	on	it	as	we	speak.	She’ll	let	me	know	if	I’m	going	off
the	rails.	So,	until	something	else	happens	here,	can	you	all	help	me	come	up	with	the	list
of	 the	 most	 important	 people	 in	 the	 country?	 Or	 the	 world.	 Start	 on	 your	 lists,	 people.
Remember	 now,	 we’re	 just	 saying	 they	 might	 be	 on	 the	 list	 to	 be	 invited.	 There’s	 a	 big
difference	between	being	on	a	possible	list	and	actually	being	invited.”
“Pure	genius,”	Jack	said,	reaching	for	a	yellow	pad.	“I	assume	we	want	a	mix	of	old	and
new	for	all	ages.”
“Hmmmm,	yes,”	Maggie	said	as	she	started	tapping	out	the	article	she	planned	to	write
for	the	morning	edition.
“Above	the	fold?”	Ted	queried.
“Absolutely!	 Since	 Annie	 owns	 the	 paper,	 where	 else	 would	 you	 expect	 to	 see
something	about	her	throwing	a	party	for	charity?”

Dennis	 jumped	 up	 and	 down,	 waving	 his	 arms.	 “I	 have	 a	 great	 headline	 if	 you	 don’t
already	have	one.”
“I	don’t,	not	yet.	Share.”
“ARE	YOU	ON	THE	LIST?”
Maggie’s	eyes	popped	wide.	“Damn,	Dennis,	you’re	good!	We’ll	run	with	that.	Thanks.
Now	get	to	work	on	the	‘supposed’	list.”
Ted	started	to	laugh	and	couldn’t	stop.
“What’s	so	funny?”	Harry	demanded.
“By	noon	tomorrow,	the	paper’s	phone	system	will	have	crashed.	I	guess	it	isn’t	all	that
funny.	 For	 some	 reason,	 I	 suddenly	 got	 this	 mental	 picture	 of	 everyone	 in	 Washington
dialing	into	the	Post	to	ask	if	they’re	on	the	list.	You	know,	all	those	people	who	love	to	be
seen	and	love	to	get	mentioned	on	Page	Six.”
“Do	you	want	me	to	run	with	the	same	banner	on	the	Net?”	Abner	asked.
“Yep,”	 Maggie	 retorted.	 “Everywhere	 you	 can	 think	 of.	 Make	 sure	 you	 post	 some
pictures	 of	 Annie	 in	 full	 regalia,	 wearing	 her	 tiara.	 How	 long	 is	 that	 going	 to	 take?	 Are
you	planning	on	doing	it	as	a	tease	or	a	full-out	statement?”
“Both,”	Abner	responded,	his	fingers	flying	over	the	keys.	“What’s	your	feeling	on	my
getting	in	touch	with	Phil	and	my	…	colleagues	for	some	added	help?	I	was	also	thinking
of	 having	 Phil	 go	 to	 the	 dark	 side	 and	 start	 a	 campaign.	 If	 he	 does	 that,	 it	 will	 be	 a
wildfire.”
Before	Maggie	could	respond,	Jack	said,	“Just	do	it!”
“Well	then,	okayyyyyy!”	Abner	said,	getting	into	the	spirit	of	things.	“Oh,	by	the	way,
do	you	want	us	to	crash	the	Internet	with	the	news?”
The	war	room	went	totally	silent	as	everyone	stopped	what	they	were	doing	to	stare	at
Abner.
“Can	you	do	that?”	Dennis	asked,	his	eyes	almost	bugging	out	of	his	head.
Abner	stared	at	the	young	reporter.	“Seriously,	Dennis,	did	you	just	say	what	I	think	you
said?”	At	the	look	of	chagrin	on	Dennis’s	face,	Abner	laughed.	“So,	should	I	take	that	as	a
yes	or	a	no?”
“Do	it!”	Jack	barked	again.	“That	should	make	the	Karas	brothers	or	their	people	sit	up
and	take	notice.	Do	it	in	…	what?	Two	hours	from	now.	Does	that	work	for	everyone?	Or
should	 we	 wait	 until	 the	 Post	 comes	 out	 in	 the	 morning?	 I	 opt	 for	 morning	 if	 my	 vote
counts.”
Everyone	agreed	that	it	worked	for	them.
“How	long	do	you	want	it	to	stay	down?”	Abner	grinned.
“Long	enough	so	that	it’s	all	people	are	talking	about.	I	say	talking	because	that’s	the
only	way	people	will	have	to	communicate.	How	about	six	hours?”	Jack	asked.
“Your	 wish	 is	 my	 command.	 Phil	 is	 going	 to	 go	 over	 the	 moon.	 So	 will	 my	 fellow

colleagues.	We	talk	all	the	time	about	doing	it	just	to	see	what	would	happen.	Guess	we’ll
finally	get	an	answer.”
Charles	cleared	his	throat.	“There	is	a	risk	according	to—”
“Please,	Charles,	forget	Leo	Buscaglia	and	his	ditties.	We’re	doing	it.	Period,”	Fergus
said,	opting	to	contribute	for	the	first	time.
Dennis	was	about	to	make	a	comment	about	all	of	them	going	to	some	federal	pen	and
they	 wouldn’t	 have	 to	 worry	 about	 communicating	 with	 anyone	 but	 thought	 better	 of	 it
when	he	caught	Harry	looking	at	him.	He	offered	up	a	sickly	smile	and	went	back	to	his
list	to	add	Taylor	Swift	and	Beyoncé,	whom	he	loved	and	adored.
“Showtime!”	Abner	said,	raising	his	hands	and	flexing	his	fingers.
Dennis	felt	his	insides	gather	into	a	tight	knot.	He	knew	he	wouldn’t	do	well	in	prison.
Then	his	spine	stiffened,	and	he	squared	his	shoulders.	He	really	needed	to	stop	being	such
a	wuss.	He	really	did.

Chapter	Ten

Allison	Bannon	rolled	over	in	the	comfortable	bed,	instantly	awake	and	knowing	exactly
where	she	was.	She	even	knew	the	time	by	some	quirk	of	fate.	She	always	knew	the	time,
Give	or	take	a	few	minutes,	no	matter	where	she	was	or	what	she	was	doing.
What	she	also	knew	was	she	didn’t	have	to	get	out	of	bed	this	exact	second.	In	fact,	she
could	roll	over	and	go	back	to	sleep	if	she	wanted	to.	But	she	wouldn’t	do	that.	She	had
things	to	do,	plans	to	make.	Now	that	she	knew	her	children	were	in	safe	hands,	there	was
no	reason	to	rush	to	find	them.	With	every	law-enforcement	agency	hot	on	her	trail,	she
needed	to	be	extra	careful.	Extra,	extra	careful.
Still,	she	stretched	luxuriously,	enjoying	the	feel	of	the	soft	sheets,	the	light	blanket,	and
the	down	pillows.	Luxury.	At	least	it	was	luxury	to	her.	She	thought	about	the	hard,	lumpy
mattress	she	had	slept	on	just	days	ago	before	she	cut	and	ran.	She	let	her	mind	roam	to	all
the	foul,	ugly	places	she’d	slept	in	over	the	years,	her	husband,	whom	she	had	once	loved,
at	her	side.	Not	anymore.
She	was	alone	now.	She	couldn’t	remember	the	last	time	she’d	worked	alone.	There	had
always	been	Steven	and	the	team.	The	team.	The	team	who	had	her	back	the	way	she	had
their	 back.	 Like	 brothers	 and	 sisters.	 They	 had	 all	 knowingly	 and	 willingly	 trusted	 their
very	 lives	 to	 one	 another.	 And	 it	 worked.	 It	 worked	 because	 she	 had	 handpicked	 and
trained	her	team.	Steven	just	happened	to	be	her	first	partner	and	her	husband.
If	she’d	made	any	mistakes	along	the	way,	Steven	was	the	mistake.	But	if	she	admitted
to	that,	she	wouldn’t	have	her	children,	the	children	she	loved	more	than	life	itself.
Now	the	only	one	she	could	count	on	was	herself.	She	had	no	backup.	Well,	that	wasn’t
entirely	 true,	 she	 told	 herself.	 She	 had	 Harry	 Wong	 and	 his	 friends.	 And	 she	 had	 Lizzie
Fox.
Right	now,	though,	she	needed	to	think	about	what	Steven	was	telling	their	section	chief
and	handler,	Luka,	and	the	other	nameless,	faceless	people	they	worked	for.	Steven	was
her	husband,	he	knew	her	better	than	anyone.	He	would	tell	them	everything	he	knew	to
make	sure	he	came	out	smelling	like	the	proverbial	rose.	More	importantly,	he	would	be
trying	to	cut	a	deal	that	would	benefit	him.	But	Luka	was	no	fool.	He’d	see	through	Steven
in	a	second.	That	meant	she	had	to	transform	herself	into	the	opposite	of	what	Luka	and
the	others	would	expect.
She	was	Doris	Brown	now,	with	an	excellent	set	of	forged	identity	papers.	She	even	had
a	 car	 registered	 to	 Doris	 Brown,	 and	 all	 her	 creds	 were	 backdated.	 She	 felt	 reasonably
secure	in	that	regard	thanks	to	Lizzie	Fox.
Allison	 swung	 her	 legs	 over	 the	 side	 of	 the	 bed	 and	 sat	 there	 for	 a	 few	 moments,
wondering	if	she	should	make	the	bed	or	not.	Would	she	ever	come	back	here,	or	was	this
her	port	in	the	storm	that	she’d	never	see	again?	She	decided	to	make	the	bed.
In	the	bathroom,	which	was	pretty	and	charming,	she	stared	at	herself	in	the	mirror.	She
was	no	beauty.	Once,	maybe.	The	years	had	taken	a	toll	on	her.	No	time	for	facials,	fancy
creams,	 plucked	 eyebrows.	 Her	 hair	 was	 a	 disaster,	 mostly	 cut	 and	 trimmed	 by	 herself.
Now	it	was	long,	in	a	ponytail.	She’d	correct	all	that	momentarily	with	a	new	haircut	and

some	hair	dye.	She’d	go	pixie	short,	and	Doris	Brown	would	become	a	strawberry	blonde
just	like	the	picture	on	her	passport	and	driver’s	license.
Under	the	sink	was	a	full	makeup	kit	complete	with	latex	she	would	apply	to	smooth
out	her	face.	She	could	widen	her	nostrils,	square	off	her	chin,	redefine	her	eyebrows,	and
plump	up	her	cheeks.	She	could	add	ten	pounds	to	her	110-pound	frame	simply	by	adding
some	extra	padding	around	her	middle.	Glasses	with	plain	glass	in	them	would	complete
Doris	Brown’s	identity.	Tea	Pope,	aka	a	dozen	different	aliases,	would	cease	to	exist.
Shower	or	not	to	shower?	She’d	taken	three	yesterday	when	she’d	arrived.	When	she’d
finally	climbed	into	bed,	she	still	felt	dirty.	Definitely	take	a	shower.	She	soaped	up	and
stood	under	the	hot	water	until	it	ran	cold.
Allison	spent	the	next	few	minutes	trying	to	decide	whether	she	should	work	on	her	hair
first	or	have	some	coffee.	Good	coffee,	not	the	swill	she	was	used	to	drinking	on	the	run.
Years	 of	 drinking	 sludge	 that	 passed	 for	 coffee	 was	 something	 she	 didn’t	 want	 to	 think
about	anymore.	There	was	so	much	she	didn’t	want	to	think	about	but	knew	she	had	to.
But	not	just	yet.	First,	she	needed	to	get	rid	of	the	squirrelly	stuff	whirling	around	in	her
head.	That	meant	the	agency,	her	husband,	and	her	team.
Steven	 first.	 Steven	 was	 on	 her	 shoulders,	 no	 one	 else.	 Not	 her	 team,	 although	 now
when	 she	 thought	 back	 to	 the	 last	 three	 encounters,	 when	 they	 all	 thought	 they	 had	 the
Karas	 brothers’	 people	 cornered,	 it	 had	 all	 culminated	 in	 a	 dead	 end.	 Zack	 Henry	 had
almost	 come	 to	 blows	 with	 Steven	 the	 second	 time	 it	 happened,	 but	 she’d	 broken	 it	 up
because	she	hadn’t	wanted	to	hear	one	of	her	team	members	saying	her	husband	had	sold
them	out.	Even	though,	to	be	honest	about	it,	she	had	thought	the	same	thing	herself,	she
refused	to	consciously	believe	that	her	husband	would	sell	out	the	team.
Allison	 stared	 off	 into	 space.	 It	 was	 the	 first	 time	 she’d	 noticed	 the	 wallpaper	 in	 the
kitchen.	Big	yellow	sunflowers.	So	pretty.	If	Steven	sold	them	out,	he	had	to	have	inside
information.	The	question	was,	how	and	where	did	he	get	that	information?	How	did	he
make	 contact?	 He	 was	 never	 out	 of	 her	 sight	 or	 away	 from	 her	 side.	 Did	 he	 do	 it	 for
money	or	did	he	do	it	to	plow	her	under?	Probably	both.	She	wished	she	could	turn	the
clock	back	and	not	have	intervened	when	Zack	and	Steven	almost	came	to	blows.	He	was
her	husband.	That	was	the	bottom	line.	She’d	been	a	stupid	fool.	That	was	on	her,	too.
As	 she	 sipped	 her	 coffee,	 she	 realized	 that	 she	 needed	 to	 be	 completely	 honest	 with
herself	 now.	 The	 marriage	 was	 over	 after	 Andy	 was	 born.	 She	 knew	 that	 the	 minute
Steven	stared	down	at	his	infant	son.	She’d	seen	nothing	in	his	eyes	or	his	expression.	He
hadn’t	wanted	to	hold	the	infant,	either.	Five	years	of	staying	married	after	his	birth.	For
what?	And	while	the	marriage	was	sexless,	neither	one	had	made	a	move	to	dissolve	it.
Why?	Because	the	team	would	get	split	up.	That	was	her	side	of	it.	Steven’s	side,	if	he	had
a	side,	was	…	she	had	to	admit	she	didn’t	know	what	his	motivation	was.
What	 she	 did	 know	 was	 Steven	 hated	 being	 her	 second	 in	 command.	 He	 wanted	 his
own	team,	but	Luka	had	told	her	in	private	that	that	would	never	happen	because	Steven
was	a	hothead	and	resented	authority.	And	now	Steven	was	spilling	his	guts	to	Luka.	Half
would	be	lies,	she	knew	that.	Hopefully,	Luka	would	call	in	the	rest	of	the	team	and	listen
to	 what	 they	 had	 to	 say.	 Luka	 was	 no	 fool.	 Simon	 Spinelli,	 aka	 Steven	 Bannon,	 was	 a
traitor.	 That	 was	 the	 bottom	 line.	 Her	 husband,	 her	 children’s	 father,	 was	 a	 traitor.	 How

was	she	ever	going	to	live	with	that?	How?
Allison	got	up	to	refill	her	coffee	cup.	She	loved	that	whoever	it	was	who	cleaned	the
cottage	had	provided	real	cream	and	real	sugar	for	her	coffee.	She	knew	she’d	drink	the
entire	pot	and	probably	make	another	one	before	she	took	on	the	day.
Allison	stared	at	the	laptop	in	the	middle	of	the	table,	where	she’d	left	it	last	night,	then
over	at	the	small	television	on	the	kitchen	counter.	The	laptop	was	new.	She’d	trashed	the
old	one	on	her	way	here,	tossing	it	into	a	Dumpster	at	a	Burger	King	but	not	before	she’d
dismantled	it	and	crushed	the	guts	to	shreds.	No	point	in	giving	the	hunters	an	edge.	She’d
programmed	the	new	one	last	night,	along	with	her	latest	stash	of	burner	phones,	paying
cash	at	a	Target	store.	The	Doris	Brown	ATM	card	had	worked	perfectly.	She	had	a	bundle
of	money	now.	She	was	good	to	go	electronically.
The	 laptop	 could	 wait.	 Allison	 decided	 she’d	 delayed	 the	 inevitable	 long	 enough	 and
needed	to	know	what	was	going	on	newswise	before	she	left	here.	She	turned	on	the	small
TV	and	gasped	as	she	saw	a	picture	of	herself	that	was	less	than	flattering.	She	blinked,
then	blinked	again	as	she	struggled	with	what	she	was	hearing.	She	bit	down	on	her	lower
lip	so	she	wouldn’t	cry.	She	was	none	of	those	things	the	news	anchor	was	saying.	And
then,	 thankfully,	 her	 picture	 was	 gone,	 and	 Luka	 appeared,	 all	 solemn	 and	 stiff	 and
begging	 her	 to	 call	 him,	 to	 give	 herself	 up.	 Like	 that	 was	 really	 going	 to	 happen.	 She
waited	another	minute	to	see	if	there	would	be	any	mention	of	Steven	or	her	team.	There
wasn’t.	 She	 pressed	 the	 MUTE	 button	 on	 the	 remote	 and	 settled	 back	 in	 her	 chair,	 the
chilling	words	of	a	nationwide	manhunt	ricocheting	around	and	around	inside	her	head.
Allison	wondered	if	Lizzie	Fox	and	Harry	Wong	would	rescind	their	offer	of	help	once
they	 heard	 the	 news.	 She	 eyed	 the	 pile	 of	 burner	 phones.	 Should	 she	 call	 or	 not?	 No.
Better	to	stick	with	her	original	plan.	She	continued	to	stare	at	the	silent	TV,	reading	the
commentator’s	lips.	And	then	a	regal	picture	of	an	older	woman	dressed	by	some	fabulous
person	 and	 wearing	 a	 tiara	 appeared	 on	 the	 screen	 with	 a	 caption	 running	 underneath.
Allison	turned	up	the	sound	as	she	read.	War!	Countess	Anna	de	Silva,	one	of	the	richest
women	in	the	entire	world,	was	declaring	war	on	the	people	who	kidnapped	and	exploited
children	by	throwing	a	black	tie	event	that	she	would	kick	off	with	$10	million.
“Well,	 well,	 well,	 how	 do	 you	 like	 them	 apples?”	 Allison	 muttered	 under	 her	 breath.
Her	gut	told	her	this	was	no	ordinary,	run-of-the-mill	party.	No,	no,	this	was	part	of	…	of
…	something.	Something	that	had	to	do	with	her,	Allison	Bannon.	And	with	Lizzie	and
Harry	 Wong.	 Lizzie	 had	 alluded	 to	 the	 people	 Harry	 was	 hanging	 with	 these	 days.	 The
good	thing	here	was,	her	gut	was	never	wrong.	Never.
Suddenly,	 Allison	 felt	 like	 a	 lightning	 bolt	 had	 ripped	 through	 her	 entire	 body.	 She
could	donate,	anonymously	all	that	money	she’d	found	in	the	woods	years	ago.	Instead	of
giving	 it	 over	 to	 some	 governmental	 agency,	 she	 could	 donate	 it.	 She	 took	 a	 second	 to
wonder	if	the	countess	would	really	match	it	dollar	for	dollar.
Allison	 got	 up,	 disconnected	 the	 coffeemaker,	 then	 rinsed	 her	 cup.	 Time	 to	 get	 this
show	on	the	road.	She	headed	for	the	bathroom,	where	she	went	to	work	on	her	hair.	Slice,
chop,	shear,	chop	some	more.	Done.	The	last	time	her	hair	had	been	this	length	was	when
she	 was	 one	 year	 old.	 She	 hardly	 recognized	 herself.	 She	 gathered	 up	 all	 the	 hair	 and
flushed	 it	 three	 times.	 She	 cleaned	 up	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 long	 strands	 with	 wet	 tissue	 and

flushed	them.	She	mixed	the	hair	dye,	and	within	minutes,	her	head	was	covered	in	a	thick
cream.	 She	 sat	 down	 on	 the	 edge	 of	 the	 tub	 and	 let	 her	 thoughts	 go	 to	 her	 children	 and
how	wonderful	it	was	going	to	be	to	see	them.	She	hoped	her	new	appearance	wouldn’t
scare	them.
When	the	thirty	minutes	required	for	the	dye	to	set	were	up,	instead	of	rinsing	off	the
color	in	the	sink,	she	hopped	in	the	shower	again.	Mrs.	Clean	herself.	She	giggled.	As	she
washed	the	dye	out	of	her	hair,	she	thought	about	the	money	she	was	going	to	donate.	All
clean-laundered	 money.	 She	 almost	 burst	 out	 laughing	 as	 she	 imagined	 the	 look	 on	 the
Karas	brothers’	faces	when	they	heard	how	much	money	the	countess	raised	to	fight	for
the	kids.	Bastards.	“If	it’s	the	last	thing	I	do,	and	if	I	die	doing	it,	I’m	going	to	find	you
and	 kill	 you	 with	 my	 bare	 hands,”	 she	 muttered	 before	 she	 stepped	 out	 of	 the	 shower.
“Bastards!”
Allison	worked	industriously	for	the	next	ninety	minutes	on	changing	her	appearance.
When	she	was	finished,	she	stared	at	her	reflection	in	the	mirror.	She	leaned	closer	to	see
if	there	were	any	imperfections.	She	couldn’t	see	any.
“Who	are	you?”	she	whispered.
“Wife.	Not	anymore.”
“Mother.	Always	and	forever.”
“Superagent?	The	best	of	the	best.”
“And	what	else	are	you?”
“I’m	 an	 assassin	 doing	 my	 government’s	 bidding.”	 Tears	 burned	 her	 eyes	 at	 the	 outloud	declaration.
“Was	an	assassin	is	the	operative	word	from	here	on	in,”	she	told	her	reflection	in	the
mirror.
Enough	of	that	kind	of	thinking.	Time	to	get	a	move	on.
Allison	pulled	on	a	knee-length	summery	flowered	dress	with	three-quarter	sleeves.	She
stopped	 just	 short	 of	 looking	 dowdy.	 The	 padded	 corselet	 around	 her	 stomach	 gave	 her
small	frame	a	pear	shape	that	made	her	look	ten	pounds	heavier.	The	padded	bra	pushed
her	breasts	up	and	out.	She	eyed	herself	in	the	wide	mirror	from	all	angles	to	make	sure
she	hadn’t	missed	anything.
“Well,	helloooooo	there,	Doris	Brown,”	she	said,	giggling.
Shoes.	The	dress	called	for	sandals	but	this	new	Doris	Brown	opted	for	a	pair	of	white
Keds	in	case	she	had	to	run.	No	way	could	she	outrun	someone	pursuing	her	if	she	was
wearing	leather	sandals.
Every	year	at	the	fitness	trials	at	The	Farm,	she’d	always	come	in	first,	outrunning	the
star	athletes.	Like	Luka	said,	she	was	the	best	of	the	best.
Allison	looked	down	at	the	bottle	of	cherry-red	nail	polish	in	the	nail	kit	sitting	on	the
vanity.	The	last	time	she’d	worn	nail	polish,	she	had	been	fourteen	years	old.	She	went	to
work	filing	and	buffing	her	nails,	then	polishing	them.	She	whipped	her	hands	through	the
air	to	dry	the	polish	and	applied	a	clear	coat	to	protect	the	polish.	She	was	slowly	getting

the	 hang	 of	 all	 this.	 Oh	 so	 slowly.	 She	 kept	 waving	 her	 hands	 in	 the	 air	 until	 she	 was
satisfied	her	nails	were	dry.	She	wondered	what	it	would	be	like	to	actually	get	a	manicure
and	a	pedicure,	to	be	pampered.	Maybe	someday	she’d	find	out.
She	looked	down	at	her	Doris	Brown	watch,	big	face,	bright	red	wristband	that	matched
the	dress	she	was	wearing.	She’d	spent	two	hours	decorating	herself.	Time	for	a	last	cup	of
coffee.	And	then	she’d	leave.	She	wondered	if	there	would	be	anything	new	on	the	news
after	the	two	hours	she’d	spent	in	the	bathroom.
Allison	plugged	in	the	coffeemaker	again,	then	started	to	make	herself	some	coffee.	She
turned	up	the	volume	on	the	local	TV	channel	to	hear	a	frenzied	anchor	screeching	that	the
Internet	had	crashed.	“Crashed!!”	he	thundered	to	his	unseen	audience.	Allison	whipped
around	to	pick	up	her	laptop,	turned	it	on,	started	her	browser,	and	tried	some	Web	sites.
Nothing.	Dead	as	yesterday’s	newspaper.
Allison	 laughed.	 She	 had	 always	 been	 good	 at	 puzzles,	 analyzing	 things.	 It	 took	 her
only	a	few	seconds	to	put	together	in	her	mind	the	news	she’d	heard	earlier	about	the	war
that	was	on	for	missing	and	exploited	children	with	some	beautiful	wealthy	countess.	And
now	 this!	 She	 was	 still	 laughing	 as	 she	 poured	 coffee	 while	 listening	 to	 all	 the	 talking
heads	screaming	over	one	another	on	the	TV	set.
Allison	sat	down,	coffee	cup	in	hand	as	she	stared	at	the	frantic	people	on	the	TV	set.
They	were	acting	like	it	was	the	end	of	the	world.	One	of	the	commentators	on	the	screen
was	 saying,	 “Good	 Lord,	 people	 will	 have	 to	 actually	 talk	 to	 one	 another.	 Service
providers	cannot	explain	what’s	going	on;	nor	can	they	say	when	and	if	they	can	get	the
Internet	back	up	and	running.	Furthermore,	for	some	reason,	the	major	cell-phone	towers
are	also	having	trouble.”
Allison	 eyed	 the	 pile	 of	 burner	 phones	 on	 the	 table	 that	 were	 probably	 inoperable	 for
now.	God	does	work	in	mysterious	ways,	she	thought.	She’d	be	off	the	tube;	no	one	would
be	able	to	get	in	touch	with	anyone	else.	She	needed	to	move	now	and	head	to	Washington
in	the	hopes	of	hooking	up	with	Harry	Wong.	If	she	couldn’t	make	verbal	or	text	contact,
she	knew	where	his	dojo	was.	She’d	simply	go	there	and	hope	for	the	best.
Allison	 finished	 her	 coffee,	 disconnected	 the	 coffeemaker	 for	 the	 second	 time	 that
morning,	rinsed	her	cup,	and	put	the	cup	back	into	the	cabinet.
Doris	 Brown	 was	 not	 the	 type	 of	 woman	 who	 would	 travel	 with	 a	 backpack,	 so	 she
packed	 the	 laptop	 and	 the	 burner	 phones	 in	 a	 wide	 plastic	 produce	 carryall	 she	 found
under	the	sink.	In	the	bedroom,	she	found	a	duffel	bag	she	filled	with	two	other	flowery
dresses,	a	pair	of	jeans,	three	T-shirts,	and	several	sets	of	underwear.
Allison	 made	 sure	 the	 back	 door	 was	 locked,	 and	 nothing	 was	 out	 of	 place.	 She	 was
satisfied	that	the	whole	house	looked	like	no	one	had	been	there	recently.
Ten	minutes	later,	Doris	Brown	programmed	the	GPS	and	was	on	the	road	and	headed
for	Washington,	D.C.
Allison	turned	on	the	radio	and	listened	to	the	world	going	crazy.	Yes	sir,	God	did	work
in	 mysterious	 ways.	 And	 the	 best	 part	 was	 only	 twenty	 minutes	 had	 gone	 by	 since	 the
crash	of	the	Internet.	Hopefully,	it	would	stay	down	till	she	reached	her	destination,	giving
her	the	anonymity	she	needed	for	now.

*	*	*
Everyone	 in	 the	 war	 room	 gasped	 when	 each	 and	 every	 computer	 and	 laptop	 stopped
being	able	to	access	the	World	Wide	Web.	Lady	Justice	disappeared	in	the	blink	of	an	eye.
“Holy	crap!	You	honest	to	God	shut	down	the	Internet!”	Dennis	said	in	awe.
Abner	leaned	back	in	his	chair	and	propped	his	size	13s	on	the	desk.	“I	had	some	help,”
he	drawled.	“But,	yeah	it’s	shut	down.	We	should	go	topside	to	see	what’s	going	on.	We
won’t	 have	 cable,	 but	 the	 local	 stations	 will	 be	 broadcasting.	 I’m	 not	 sure	 which	 cellphone	 towers	 are	 down.	 I	 need	 to	 talk	 to	 Phil.	 No	 reception	 down	 here.	 And,	 there’s
nothing	we	can	do	down	here	anyway.”
The	mad	scramble	for	the	stairs	irked	Cyrus,	who	was	always	first.	He	let	it	be	known
in	 no	 uncertain	 terms,	 and	 everyone	 stopped	 in	 their	 tracks	 to	 allow	 the	 magnificent
shepherd	to	do	his	thing,	which	was	tantamount	to	taking	a	bullet	for	whoever	was	behind
him.	In	theory.	Cyrus	barked	and	took	his	sweet	time	sauntering	to	the	staircase.	He	knew
when	things	were	at	emergency	level,	and	this	was	not	an	emergency.	When	he	reached
the	moss-covered	steps,	he	bounded	up	them	like	a	gazelle,	the	others	right	behind.
Charles	immediately	turned	on	the	twenty-one-inch	television	sitting	on	the	far	counter.
He	reared	back	for	a	better	look	at	what	he	was	seeing,	a	frantic	anchor	and	his	colleagues
trying	to	explain	something	to	the	viewing	public	that	even	he	didn’t	understand	himself.
“All	we	can	do	at	this	point	is	speculate.	Our	communication	system	crashed	along	with
the	Internet.	I	think	it’s	safe	to	say	people	were	calling	in	wanting	answers.”	He	stepped
back	to	show	a	row	of	agitated	people,	talking	heads,	who	were	waiting	to	voice	the	same
information	only	in	a	different	tone	of	voice.
Jack	looked	over	at	Abner,	who	was	staring	at	the	TV,	a	satisfied	grin	on	his	face.
“You	do	good	work,	bro!”
“C’mon,	guys,	and	you	too,	Maggie.	I’m	good,	but	I’m	not	that	good.	The	honors	go	to
Phil	and	his	star	pupils.	PIP	played	a	part	in	this,	too.”
Dennis	 inched	 forward.	 “So,	 tell	 me,	 when	 it’s	 time	 to	 kick	 it	 back	 up,	 what’s
involved?”
“Dennis!	Dennis!	Dennis!	If	I	told	you	that,	then	I’d	have	to	seriously	compromise	you.
That	means	kill	you.	You	still	want	to	know?”
“Absolutely	not.	No	sir,	I	do	not	want	or	need	to	know.	I’m	good,	Abner.	I	mean	I’m
really	 good.”	 Dennis	 tried	 to	 make	 himself	 invisible.	 All	 eyes	 went	 back	 to	 the	 idiotic
talking	heads	repeating	the	same	thing	over	and	over.
“People,	check	your	cell	phones	to	see	if	they’re	working.”
“Dead,”	Maggie	said.	Ted,	Espinosa,	and	Dennis	seconded	Maggie.
Charles	and	Fergus	shook	their	heads.	“We’re	down,	too,”	Fergus	said.
“I	have	one	bar,”	Jack	said.
Harry	stared	down	at	his	phone,	a	look	of	surprise	on	his	face.	“I	have	four	bars.	For
how	long,	I	don’t	know.”

“What	about	you,	Abner?”	Jack	asked.
“I’m	good.	It’s	a	good	thing,	too,	because	I	have	to	be	able	to	get	in	touch	with	Phil.”
Jack	mumbled	under	his	breath	about	all	things	electronic	and	satellites	and	all	the	other
stuff	 he	 would	 never	 understand	 in	 a	 million	 years,	 yet	 Abner	 knew	 it	 all	 and	 even
understood	it.	As	did	his	colleagues.
“Do	you	think	you	should	check	in	with	your	pals?”	Jack	asked,	addressing	his	question
to	Abner.
“Nah.	I	don’t	want	to	waste	my	bars.	He’ll	get	in	touch	if	need	be.	Is	it	just	me,	or	aren’t
you	guys	hungry?	It’s	past	lunchtime,”	Abner	said,	looking	directly	at	Charles.
“How	can	you	even	think	about	food	at	a	time	like	this?”	Maggie	barked.
“I	 can	 think	 about	 it	 because	 my	 stomach	 is	 letting	 me	 know	 it’s	 time	 to	 fill	 it.	 You
don’t	 have	 to	 eat,	 but	 I	 do,”	 Abner	 barked	 in	 return.	 Maggie	 clamped	 her	 lips	 shut	 and
stared	at	the	TV,	wanting	to	put	her	fist	through	it.
“What’s	the	game	plan?	Are	we	just	going	to	sit	here	and	look	at	one	another,	or	maybe
eat,	then	take	a	nap?	What?”	Ted	demanded.
“We	could	read	or	talk	to	each	other,”	Dennis	said.	With	no	response,	Dennis	went	back
to	staring	at	the	TV	along	with	Maggie.
Fergus	 started	 to	 bang	 pots	 and	 pans	 as	 Charles	 scoured	 the	 refrigerator	 for	 a	 simple
lunch.	“Omelets!”	he	proclaimed.	“And	tapioca	pudding!”
Lunch	 over,	 Jack	 proclaimed	 the	 Internet	 had	 been	 down	 one	 hour	 and	 twenty-five
minutes.	 “And	 we	 don’t	 know	 anything.	 The	 local	 news	 is	 just	 that,	 local.	 We	 know	 as
much	as	they	know.	I	think	you	should	call	your	buddy	to	see	what’s	going	on,	and	don’t
tell	me	he	won’t	know.	If	he	can	crash	the	Internet,	then	he	knows	what	the	hell	is	going
on.	Government	is	shut	down.	Not	that	people	care	about	the	government,	but	they	do	care
about	 not	 being	 able	 to	 get	 on	 Facebook.	 Which	 I	 agree	 is	 a	 sad	 state	 of	 affairs.	 Well,
Abner,	are	you	going	to	do	it?”	Jack	demanded.
Abner	was	about	to	respond	when	his	cell	phone	pinged.	He	almost	jumped	out	of	his
skin.	“It’s	the	CIA.	I	recognize	the	number.	I	bet	it’s	my	old	boss.	Should	I	answer	it?”
“Of	course,”	Charles	said.	“Information	is	power,	remember	that.”
Abner	said	hello	and	waited	to	see	who	was	on	the	other	end	of	the	phone.	Ah,	the	man
he	had	worked	for	whose	real	name	he	didn’t	know	or	want	to	know.	The	voice	got	right
to	the	point.	“I	need	you	to	come	out	here	right	now.	The	Internet	went	down.	No	one	here
has	a	clue	as	to	what	they	should	do.	I	was	told	to	call	you.”
“I	 don’t	 work	 for	 you	 anymore.	 I	 quit,	 remember?	 What	 makes	 you	 think	 I	 can	 fix
whatever	it	is	you	want	fixed?”
“Because	…	our	mutual	friend,	the	one	who	recommended	you,	said	you	were	the	best
of	the	best.”
“Then	 you	 should	 be	 calling	 him	 and	 not	 me.	 I	 can’t	 help	 you;	 this	 is	 above	 my	 pay
grade.”

“I	tried	and	couldn’t	reach	him.	Listen	to	me,	Tookus.	We’re	talking	national	security
here.	Your	country	needs	you.	I’ve	been	authorized	to	tell	you	they’ll	pay	you	whatever
you	want.	Name	your	price.”
“This	isn’t	about	money,	sir.	I’d	do	it	for	nothing	if	I	could.	I	can’t	even	begin	to	know
how	to	fix	something	like	this.”
The	 voice	 grew	 desperate.	 “A	 million!	 Five!	 Ten!	 Get	 your	 ass	 out	 here	 right	 now
before	I	send	someone	to	fetch	you.	You	won’t	like	that.”
Abner	 laughed.	 “You	 don’t	 know	 where	 I	 am.	 And,	 you	 don’t	 scare	 me.	 But	 let’s
suppose	I	do	…	ah	…	know	someone	who	just	might,	I	say	just	might,	know	how	to	get
you	up	and	running,	what	would	you	say?	Same	deal?	Anything	he	or	she	wants?”
“Yes,	yes,	for	God’s	sake.	Whatever	it	takes.”
“I’ll	check	with	the	person	and	get	back	to	you.”
Abner	looked	at	the	gang,	and	said,	“Well!	That	just	kind	of	fell	into	our	laps.	What	do
you	want	me	to	do?”
“Call	Phil.	Then	call	that	person	back	and	tell	him	Phil	has	a	price.	You	want	all	they
have	on	the	Karas	brothers,	every	scrap	of	information.	When	we	have	it	in	hand,	he’ll	get
the	Internet	back	for	them,	along	with	millions	of	other	people.”
“Oh,	man,	Jack,	you	drive	a	hard	bargain.	Okay,	let	me	call	Phil	to	see	what	he	has	to
say.”
Abner	 pressed	 the	 number	 three	 on	 his	 phone.	 Philonias	 Needlemeyer	 picked	 up
immediately.	 “Get	 what	 you	 can	 out	 of	 him.	 Tell	 him	 if	 he	 holds	 anything	 back	 or	 isn’t
shooting	straight,	you	will	bring	the	wrath	of	God	down	on	him.”
“Dammit,	Phil,	you	need	to	stop	listening	in	on	my	conversations,”	Abner	said	with	no
real	anger	in	his	retort.	“I’m	not	calling	you	back	because	you	can	listen	in	on	your	own.”
“Ten	four	and	out,”	Phil	said	playfully	before	he	broke	the	connection.
Abner	looked	at	the	gang	enjoying	the	expressions	on	their	faces.	“Okay,	here	we	go,”
he	said,	entering	the	number	that	had	just	called	him.	It	was	picked	up	midway	through	the
first	ring.
“Well?”
“Well?”	Abner	said,	parroting	the	man	on	the	other	end	of	the	line.	“I	spoke	to	the	only
person	in	this	whole	entire	world	who	can	possibly	help	you.	I	say	possibly.	He	wants	to
know	 what’s	 in	 it	 for	 him.	 I	 told	 him	 what	 you	 offered	 me.	 Unfortunately,	 he	 is	 not
interested	in	money;	he	has	plenty	of	his	own.	He’s	willing	to	help,	but	for	a	price.	A	price
you	 might	 not	 be	 willing	 to	 pay.	 No	 resets.	 One	 chance,	 and	 that’s	 all	 you	 get,	 so	 you
might	want	to	gather	your	people	from	the	top	of	the	food	chain	who	have	the	authority	to
grant	a	one-ofa-kind	wish.	I’ll	give	you	ten	minutes,	then	I’ll	call	you	back.	Are	we	clear
here?”
“Is	it	guaranteed?”
“Of	course	it’s	guaranteed.	The	minute	my	colleague	is	satisfied	that	you	delivered	on

your	end,	you	and	everyone	else	in	the	world	will	be	up	and	running	within	ten	minutes,
twenty	minutes	tops.	Or	maybe	six	hours.	That’s	his	timetable,	and	it’s	a	take-it-or-leave-it
offer.	 Screw	 this	 up,	 and	 your	 whole	 agency	 is	 in	 the	 toilet.	 Those	 are	 my	 …	 ah	 …
source’s	words,	not	mine.	I’m	ending	this	call	now.”	Abner	leaned	back	in	his	chair	and
closed	 his	 eyes,	 a	 dreamy	 look	 on	 his	 face.	 “I	 hated	 that	 son	 of	 a	 bitch	 when	 I	 worked
there.”
“I	think	we	all	figured	that	out	already,”	Harry	said.
The	minutes	crawled	by.	When	the	ten	minutes	were	up,	Maggie	raised	her	hand.
“Let’s	let	him	sweat	another	five	minutes,”	Abner	said.
Maggie	 thought	 the	 next	 five	 minutes	 were	 the	 slowest	 of	 her	 life.	 She	 literally
screamed	out	loud	when	she	said,	“Time’s	up!”
Abner	 bolted	 upright	 and	 pressed	 in	 the	 digits	 that	 would	 connect	 him	 with	 the	 man
he’d	spoken	to	earlier.	He	didn’t	bother	with	the	niceties.	“What’s	it	gonna	be,	boys?”
“There	are	two	ladies	here,”	came	the	inane	response.
“And	two	ladies,”	Abner	drawled.	“I	repeat,	what’s	it	gonna	be?”
A	voice	that	sounded	old	and	reedy	spoke.	“We	want	a	guarantee,	young	man.”
“I	gave	it	to	you	earlier.	Ten	minutes,	twenty,	six	hours	tops.	Turn	up	your	hearing	aid,
mister.”
Another	 strange	 voice	 spoke.	 This	 one	 had	 authority	 resonating	 all	 over	 the	 room.
“What	is	it	your	source	wants	in	return?”
“Not	much.	The	total	file	you	all	have	on	the	Karas	brothers.	If	there’s	even	one	page
missing,	one	omission,	down	you	go,	never	to	return.	Ah,	your	silence	tells	me	this	was
the	last	thing	you	expected.	I’m	going	to	hang	up,	give	you	five	minutes,	and	if	you	don’t
get	back	to	me,	I’m	going	to	turn	off	my	phone.”	Not	bothering	to	wait	for	a	reply,	Abner
ended	the	connection.
“And	how	are	we	supposed	to	take	possession	of	the	Karas	file,	Abner?”	Jack	asked.
“What!	You	expect	me	to	do	everything!	Figure	something	out.	I	did	my	part.”
Cyrus	 barked,	 then	 barked	 again	 to	 show	 he	 didn’t	 appreciate	 Abner’s	 tone,	 to	 which
Abner	made	a	barking	sound	in	return,	which	meant	cool	your	jets,	dog.
The	team	looked	at	one	another	in	a	daze.
“I	know!	I	know!	We	send	Dennis,	who	will	pretend	to	be	a	messenger.	The	Post	uses	a
courier	service	in	town.	I	know	the	manager,	who	will	back	up	any	story	we	give	him	to
tell.	He	can	be	trusted.	Dennis!”
Dennis	 was	 scared	 out	 of	 his	 wits.	 He	 didn’t	 trust	 himself	 to	 speak,	 so	 he	 simply
nodded.
“A	piece	of	cake,	kid.	Really,	a	piece	of	cake,”	Ted	said.
“Oh	dear,	we’re	three	minutes	past	the	five-minute	deadline,”	Maggie	said.

Abner	reached	for	the	phone.	“You	sure	you	want	me	to	make	this	call,	because	I	can
tell	you	exactly	what	they’re	going	to	say.	They	have	no	file	on	anyone	named	Karas.	So,
what	do	you	want	me	to	do?”
“If	that’s	how	it	turns	out,	simply	hang	up,”	Charles	said.	“If	they	are	as	desperate	as	we
know	they	are,	they’ll	call	back.	Make	the	call,	young	man.”
Since	 Abner	 always,	 well	 almost	 always,	 followed	 instructions,	 he	 placed	 the	 call.	 A
third,	never-before-heard	voice	said,	“This	agency	does	not—”
“I	don’t	want	to	hear	your	bullshit,	General.	I’m	assuming	you	are	a	general	who	basks
in	his	authority,	but	you	have	no	authority	over	me	or	my	source.”	He	ended	the	call	and
once	again	leaned	back	in	his	chair.
“We	 should	 start	 a	 pool.	 How	 long	 do	 you	 think	 it	 will	 take	 for	 them	 to	 call	 back?”
Maggie	asked.	The	entries	were	from	eight	minutes	to	an	hour.
They	 all	 stared	 down	 at	 Abner’s	 phone,	 sitting	 on	 the	 kitchen	 table,	 waiting	 for	 it	 to
ring.
“Doncha	get	it,	guys.	This	is	all	a	game	to	them.	Trust	me,	they’re	scrambling.	Right
now,	it’s	who	blinks	first.	A	no-brainer.	We	should	go	in	the	dining	room,	where	the	table
is	bigger,	and	play	cards	or	something.”
Maggie	threw	a	dish	towel	at	him	and	missed.
“What	now?”	Ted	asked.
“We	wait.”

Chapter	Eleven

Allison	 Bannon,	 now	 Doris	 Brown,	 settled	 herself	 behind	 the	 wheel	 of	 the	 SUV.	 She
checked	the	rearview	mirror	and	the	side	mirrors,	which	had	all	gone	back	to	where	the
previous	 owner	 had	 set	 them	 when	 she	 shut	 off	 the	 engine.	 For	 some	 reason,	 the	 same
thing	had	happened	when	she	drove	the	SUV	for	the	first	time.	She	adjusted	the	steering
wheel	to	match	with	her	small	frame,	pushed	the	seat	forward,	then	flexed	her	hands	on
the	 wheel.	 The	 nearly	 five	 hundred–mile	 trip	 she	 was	 certain	 would	 be	 made	 in	 relative
comfort,	with	a	few	stops	along	the	way	for	coffee	and	bathroom	breaks.	On	the	passenger
seat	was	a	map	that	she	had	to	follow	since	the	GPS	wasn’t	working.	Following	a	route	on
a	map	was	no	big	deal,	but	a	GPS	was	the	way	to	go.	Since	that	wasn’t	an	option,	she’d
marked	 her	 route,	 estimating	 she	 would	 arrive	 in	 the	 District	 of	 Columbia	 after	 dark.	 A
good	thing.	She	had	one	stop	to	make	once	she	drove	out	of	the	cozy	little	neighborhood
—the	 nearest	 convenience	 store,	 where	 she	 could	 pick	 up	 a	 portable,	 battery-operated
radio	since	the	one	that	was	installed	in	the	SUV	was	stone-cold	dead.
Allison	wondered	if	once	she	left	the	area	and	hit	the	open	highway	any	of	the	burner
phones	would	come	to	life.	Highly	doubtful	was	her	opinion.	Maybe	once	she	arrived	in
Washington,	 the	 cell	 towers	 might	 be	 up	 and	 working.	 Everything	 right	 now	 was	 a
crapshoot.	Everything.
With	nothing	to	occupy	her	mind	except	the	open	road	in	front	of	her,	Allison	let	her
mind	wander	back	three	years	to	the	day	Luka	had	called	her	team	into	his	sterile	offices
and	stared	them	down.	He’d	started	off	with	a	compliment	mostly	directed	at	her,	and	said,
“This	mission	I’m	sending	you	on	is	so	top	secret	that	until	this	moment	only	one	other
person	knew	about	it.	And	now	you	five	will	also	know.	That	makes	seven	in	total.	The
only	other	person	beside	myself	is	the	director.	If	there	are	any	mistakes,	any	screwups,
they’re	on	your	heads.”
Allison	liked	Luka.	More	than	that,	she	respected	him.	He	eyeballed	her	as	he	outlined
why	 he’d	 called	 her	 team	 into	 his	 offices,	 which	 no	 one	 was	 ever	 invited	 into.	 All
meetings	were	in	bug-swept,	soundproof,	bulletproof	rooms.	Why	this	meeting	was	being
held	in	this	spartan	office	was	a	mystery	to	her.	Knowing	Luka,	she	realized	that	by	the
time	they	walked	out	the	door,	she’d	have	her	answer.	Then	again,	knowing	Luka,	maybe
not.
Luka	got	right	to	the	point	the	moment	everyone	was	seated.	“I	am	assuming	that	there
is	no	one	in	this	room	who	doesn’t	know	or	has	never	heard	of	the	international	playboys
Ryland	 and	 Roland	 Karas?	 Am	 I	 correct?”	 Luka,	 a	 bear	 of	 a	 man	 weighing	 250	 with	 a
beard	almost	down	to	his	neck	and	a	ponytail	tied	in	back,	nodded	in	pleasure	when	they
all	agreed	that	he	was	correct.
“Good!	So	you	all	know	who	I’m	talking	about.	Take	a	look	at	the	screen	because	this
is	what	the	brothers	look	like	as	of	two	days	ago.	Burn	that	image	into	your	brains.”	He
clicked	 a	 remote	 in	 his	 hand.	 “Now	 look	 at	 these	 pictures.	 These	 are	 their	 closest
protectors.	 That	 would	 mean	 to	 you	 retired	 Seals,	 Deltas,	 Mossad…	 the	 best	 of	 the	 best
recruited	 at	 a	 great	 cost	 to	 them.	 If	 you	 like	 the	 word	 mercenary,	 substitute	 it	 if	 you
choose.

“The	 brothers	 are	 never	 alone.	 Never.	 It	 wouldn’t	 be	 a	 lie	 to	 say	 they	 have	 an	 army
within	a	few	feet	of	them.	Ordinary	people	you’d	never	take	for	who	they	really	are.	We
have	it	on	excellent	intel	that	the	Karas	brothers	are	behind	the	child-trafficking	ring	that’s
escalated	 abductions	 to	 epic	 proportions	 during	 the	 past	 year.	 Every	 alphabet	 agency	 in
Washington	has	tried	to	get	the	proof	we	need	to	reel	them	in.	They	are	so	well	connected,
there	is	no	accountability.	It’s	only	been	whispered	about	on	the	dark	side	of	the	Net.	We
literally	cannot	touch	them.	We	have	had	three	different	people	we	promised	the	world	to
if	 they	 would	 tell	 us	 what	 they	 know	 from	 the	 dark	 side.	 They	 did	 help	 us,	 and	 now
they’re	 all	 dead.	 This	 is	 the	 part	 that	 really	 hurts.	 They	 were	 under	 our	 protection.	 We
promised	them	a	life,	a	good	life,	if	they’d	help	us,	and	still	the	brothers	or	their	people	got
to	them,	which	doesn’t	say	much	for	us	or	our	agency	or	the	FBI,	NSA,	and	Homeland
Security.	We	worked	together	on	a	joint	mission,	and	we	blew	it.	We	goddamn	blew	it,”	he
snarled.
“And	after	all	that,	you	think	…	what	…	the	five	of	us	can	do	what	you	and	the	others
couldn’t	do?”	Allison	asked	incredulously.
“Yes,	that’s	exactly	what	I	think.	Back	then,	when	the	idea	of	this	joint	task	force	was
being	discussed,	I	had	serious	doubts.	Not	only	did	I	have	them,	but	I	voiced	them.	All	to
no	avail.	Too	many	people,	too	many	agencies,	too	many	chances	for	mistakes	and	leaks.
That’s	what	happened.	Somewhere	along	the	way,	someone	said	the	wrong	thing,	did	the
wrong	 thing	 by	 mistake,	 or	 else	 someone	 took	 a	 bribe	 and	 is	 now	 on	 some	 island
surrounded	by	beautiful	women	and	living	the	life	of	a	king.
“I’m	not	asking	you	and	your	team	to	take	this	mission	on.	I’m	telling	you	it’s	yours.
See	those	boxes	in	the	corner?	Those	are	the	files	on	the	Karas	brothers	from	the	time	they
hit	the	international	scene	twenty-some	years	ago.	Remember,	they	are	the	darlings	of	the
jet	 set.	 They	 donate	 millions	 and	 millions	 to	 worthy	 causes.	 They	 champion	 everything
that	 even	 smells	 like	 a	 good	 cause.	 No	 one	 wants	 that	 well	 to	 dry	 up.	 Even	 our	 own
president	thinks	the	sun	rises	and	sets	on	the	brothers.	Did	you	know	they’ve	been	to	the
White	House	for	two	dinners?	It’s	been	rumored	that	the	queen	might	knight	them	for	all
their	philanthropic	generosity.	Are	you	all	getting	the	picture	here?”
“Where	are	they	now?”	Allison	asked.
“An	hour	ago,	they	were	taking	a	gondola	ride	in	Venice.	We	know	that	thanks	to	our
satellites.	 I’m	 going	 to	 leave	 you	 and	 your	 team	 here	 in	 my	 office	 to	 read	 up	 on	 the
brothers.	I’ll	send	in	some	lunch	and	coffee	in	a	bit.	By	the	close	of	business	today,	I	want
to	hear	a	plan	from	all	of	you.	Whatever	you	want	or	need,	it’s	yours.	Allison	is	your	team
leader.	You	do	what	she	says	when	she	says	it.	Her	orders	are	absolute,	and	she	answers
only	to	me.	Now,	get	to	work!”
Allison	 was	 shaken	 from	 her	 thoughts	 when	 she	 saw	 a	 roadblock	 a	 half	 mile	 up	 the
road.	Her	stomach	crunched	into	a	knot.	She	slowed	down,	glad	she’d	shoved	her	bag	of
burner	phones	under	the	car	seat.	The	little	portable	radio	on	top	of	the	map,	along	with
the	small	purse	she	figured	someone	like	Doris	Brown	would	carry,	were	spread	out	on	the
passenger	 seat.	 Nothing	 wrong	 with	 that	 or	 out	 of	 the	 ordinary.	 Nothing	 to	 arouse
suspicion.
Allison	popped	a	piece	of	gum	in	her	mouth	and	started	to	chew.	She	didn’t	know	why,

but	 she	 thought	 Doris	 Brown	 would	 be	 a	 gum	 chewer.	 She	 crept	 along,	 her	 stomach
churning	as	she	listened	to	the	person	on	the	radio	spout	the	same	thing	he’d	been	saying
for	the	past	hour.	Nothing	new.
And	then	it	was	her	turn.	She	lowered	the	window	and	waited.
“Ma’am,	can	we	see	some	identification?”
“Sure.	Can	I	ask	why?	Did	something	happen?	As	you	can	see,	I’m	traveling	alone.	I
wish	I	had	a	dog,”	she	said	wistfully.	She	handed	over	her	credentials.
“Why	are	you	going	to	Washington,	D.C.,	ma’am?”
“Two	 reasons	 really.	 One,	 I’ve	 never	 been	 there,	 and	 I’ve	 always	 wanted	 to	 see	 the
cherry	blossoms,	and	the	other	reason	is	I’m	thinking	of	moving	to	Virginia	to	take	a	job
in	 a	 library	 there.	 I	 have	 an	 interview	 tomorrow.	 Is	 there	 a	 convict	 on	 the	 loose	 or
something?”	she	asked	in	a	jittery	voice.
The	 officer	 handed	 back	 her	 credentials	 and	 waved	 her	 on	 without	 responding	 to	 her
question,	which	was	more	than	okay	with	Allison.	She	moved	the	SUV	slowly,	watching
out	of	the	corner	of	her	eye	to	see	if	anyone	was	paying	attention	to	her.	No	one	was.	She
swept	 past	 the	 police	 cruisers	 and	 accelerated.	 “Good	 job,	 Doris	 Brown,”	 she	 muttered
under	her	breath.	“Let’s	just	hope	the	rest	of	the	trip	goes	as	smoothly.”
The	 SUV	 ate	 up	 mile	 after	 mile	 as	 Allison	 cruised	 down	 the	 road.	 Two	 hours	 passed
before	she	saw	a	huge	sign	that	said	gas,	lodging,	and	food	were	five	miles	ahead.	Maybe
she	could	gather	some	information	in	the	restaurant.	Travelers	did	love	to	talk.
Allison	gassed	up	and	paid	in	cash	at	the	lodge,	then	went	inside	and	sat	down	at	the
counter	 next	 to	 an	 elderly	 couple	 who	 said	 they	 were	 headed	 to	 Florida	 after	 a	 stop	 in
Virginia	 to	 see	 their	 grandson.	 They	 were	 pleasant	 and	 talkative,	 bemoaning	 the	 loss	 of
Facebook.	“That’s	how	we	stay	in	touch	with	our	kids	and	grandkids.	We’re	on	it	every
day,”	the	woman,	who	said	her	name	was	Esther,	said.	“This	is	Stan,	my	husband.”
“Doris	Brown,”	Allison	said	by	way	of	introduction.	“So	is	there	anything	new?	Does
anyone	know	what	happened?”	Allison	asked	as	she	scanned	the	menu	in	front	of	her.
Stan	 looked	 across	 at	 her,	 and	 said,	 “Everything	 just	 stopped	 working.	 Even	 our	 cell
phones.	Every	so	often,	one	bar	shows	up,	and	by	the	time	you	hit	the	number	you	want	to
call,	it’s	dead	again.	It’s	the	Russians,	sure	as	hell,”	he	said,	authority	ringing	in	his	voice.
Allison	 ordered	 two	 eggs	 over	 easy,	 extra-crisp	 bacon,	 and	 home	 fries.	 No	 matter	 the
time	 of	 day,	 she	 could	 eat	 breakfast	 and	 preferred	 it	 to	 any	 other	 meal	 of	 the	 day.	 The
coffee	was	good,	strong,	just	the	way	she	liked	it.	She’d	get	two	more	to	go	when	she	left.
“And	did	you	hear	about	what’s	going	on	in	Washington,	D.C.,	with	that	countess	going
to	war?”	Stan	asked.
Not	wanting	to	listen	to	a	recap	of	the	morning	headlines,	Allison	nodded.	“It’s	a	good
thing.	Child	trafficking	is	a	terrible	thing.	I	hope	it	works.”
Stan	got	up,	offered	his	arm	to	Esther	to	let	her	hop	off	her	stool,	and	they	headed	to	the
cashier	to	pay	their	bill.	Allison	welcomed	the	silence.	Now	she	could	listen	to	what	the
local	commentator	was	saying,	which,	as	per	usual,	was	nothing	new.	Still,	she	listened	as

her	food	arrived,	and	she	started	to	eat.	Her	ears	perked	up	when	she	heard	a	truck	driver
speaking	 with	 the	 waitress.	 “Three	 roadblocks!	 Do	 you	 believe	 that?	 Puts	 me	 forty-five
minutes	behind	schedule.”
“Why?”	the	waitress	asked	as	she	poured	coffee	for	the	truck	driver.
“Some	agent	from	the	CIA	cut	and	ran	with	government	secrets	locked	in	her	head,	and
they	want	her	dead	or	alive,”	the	truck	driver	said	dramatically.	“No	offense	to	you,	little
lady,	but	that’s	what	happens	when	you	have	a	woman	doing	a	man’s	job.	Secret	agents
are	supposed	to	be	men	like	Jason	Bourne	or	James	Bond.	I	wonder	if	she’s	as	smart	as	he
is.”
The	 waitress	 looked	 at	 the	 driver	 for	 a	 second,	 then	 filled	 his	 coffee	 cup	 so	 full	 it
splashed	out	and	over	the	counter	to	run	down	his	leg.	He	yelped	and	cursed.	The	waitress
winked	at	Allison	as	the	man	made	a	hasty	exit	for	the	men’s	room.
“He	deserved	it.”	Allison	giggled.
“I	hope	they	don’t	catch	her.	I	bet	some	man	did	something	to	her,	and	she’s	going	to
get	the	blame	for	it	because	she’s	a	woman,	and	that’s	why	she’s	on	the	run,	to	exonerate
herself.	 Maybe	 when	 those	 vigilante	 women	 hear	 about	 her	 case,	 they’ll	 help	 her	 out.
Now,	wouldn’t	that	be	something?”
Allison’s	head	bobbed	up	and	down,	as	she	agreed	that	it	would	indeed	be	something.
“You	know,	that’s	exactly	what	I	was	thinking,”	Allison	said	as	she	crunched	down	on	her
stick	of	bacon.	She	did	love	bacon.	Actually	she	loved	food.	Period.
“Anything	else,	hon,	before	I	ring	you	up?”
“Two	coffees	to	go	and	a	slice	of	that	cherry	pie.”
“You	got	it.	Where	you	headed?”
“Virginia.	For	a	job	interview,	with	a	stop	in	D.C.	to	see	the	cherry	blossoms,	if	there
are	any	left.”
“Well,	drive	safely.”	The	waitress	walked	away	to	fill	two	Styrofoam	cups	for	Allison’s
coffee.	Allison	watched	as	she	wrapped	the	slice	of	pie	carefully	and	then	tucked	a	plastic
fork	 in	 the	 bag.	 For	 no	 other	 reason	 than	 she	 liked	 the	 waitress,	 Allison	 left	 her	 a	 fiftydollar	bill	as	a	tip.	She	grinned	at	the	waitress,	who	was	bug	eyed;	grabbed	her	food;	and
left.
Tooling	down	the	road,	she	wondered	if	she’d	made	a	mistake	in	leaving	the	fifty-dollar
tip.	The	waitress	would	remember	her	now.	She	was	probably	right	now	chatting	up	her
coworkers	and	showing	off	the	fifty-dollar	bill.	A	person	going	on	a	job	interview	would
not	leave	that	kind	of	tip.	Allison	Bannon,	I	hope	you	didn’t	just	make	a	mistake.	Well,	if
she	had,	it	was	too	late	to	rectify	it.
Three	hundred	and	eighty	miles	to	go.
*	*	*
Ted	 looked	 at	 Maggie,	 and	 said,	 “Do	 you	 think	 we	 should	 head	 back	 to	 the	 District?
That	guy	on	the	TV	who	is	losing	his	voice	for	saying	the	same	thing	over	and	over	again
just	said	people	are	calling	in	saying	their	phone	systems	crashed.	The	Post	was	on	his	last

go-round.”
“No.	There’s	nothing	we	can	do	there.	I	want	to	be	here	to	hear	what	the	CIA	says	to
Abner	on	the	return	call.	That’s	where	the	real	story	is.”
Abner	looked	down	at	his	phone	when	it	pinged.	“Here	we	go!”
“Abner	Tookus	here,”	he	drawled.
Abner’s	 old	 boss,	 the	 man	 whose	 name	 he	 didn’t	 know	 or	 want	 to	 know,	 said,	 “I’m
asking	 you	 to	 be	 reasonable	 here,	 Mr.	 Tookus.	 I’m	 talking	 to	 you	 in	 the	 interests	 of
national	security.	We	can’t	trust	just	anybody	willy-nilly.	We’re	the	CIA!”
“How	 funny	 is	 that?	 You	 trusted	 me	 when	 I	 worked	 for	 you.	 I	 have	 all	 your	 secrets
stored	in	my	head	and	…	other	places.	So,	like	I	said	before,	cut	the	bullshit	and	let’s	get
down	to	business.	You	give	me	that	line	of	‘We	don’t	know	what	you’re	talking	about—
we	never	heard	of	the	Karas	brothers,’	and	I’m	hanging	up,	so	don’t	play	dumb	here.	And
don’t	threaten	me,	either.	When	I	walked	out	of	your	doors,	I	told	you	what	I	would	do	if
you	retaliated	against	me.	I	stress	I.	So	what	do	you	have	for	me?	I	have	no	clue	what	my
source	will	do,	so	bear	that	in	mind.”
The	second	voice	spoke.	The	director	of	the	CIA,	Tookus	surmised.	“We	can’t	give	you
something	we	don’t	have,	young	man.	And	your	source,	whoever	that	may	be,	is	barking
up	the	wrong	tree.”
Abner	looked	at	the	gang	and	shrugged,	his	eyes	asking	the	question	he	was	ready	to
ask.	The	gang	nodded.
“So	 then	 you	 guys	 are	 saying	 you	 didn’t	 assign	 Allison	 Bannon	 and	 her	 team,	 which
includes	her	husband,	who	just	happens	to	be	a	traitor,	to	track	down	the	Karas	brothers.
“And	I	guess	you’re	also	saying	the	Bannon	children	weren’t	kidnapped,	either.	Is	that
what	 you’re	 telling	 me?	 You’ve	 been	 tracking	 the	 brothers	 for	 over	 three	 years	 with	 no
luck.	That	means	you	must	have	an	extensive	file,	and	my	source	wants	it.
“Just	so	we’re	clear	on	this,	Mr.	Director.	The	entire	Internet	is	down	across	the	country.
Me	coming	out	to	Langley	would	serve	no	purpose.	I	can’t	fix	your	Internet.	No	one	can.
You	 have	 a	 roomful	 of	 brainiacs	 who	 probably	 told	 you	 the	 same	 thing,	 but	 for	 some
reason,	you	don’t	believe	your	own	people.	You	only	have	one	option	as	far	as	I	can	tell.
My	source	is	waiting.	I	should	tell	you	he	has	a	short	fuse	and	zero	patience.
“Now	if	you	guys	were	really	serious	about	reeling	in	the	Karas	brothers,	you	would	be
falling	all	over	yourselves	to	cooperate.	But	here	is	what	I	see	your	immediate	problem	is.
You’re	only	allowed	to	operate	on	foreign	soil,	and	Allison	Bannon	is	here	in	the	good	old
U.S.	of	A.,	meaning	you	all	are	doing	something	illegal.	I’m	thinking	I	should	be	talking
to	 the	 FBI	 instead	 of	 you	 lunkheads.	 I	 bet	 they’ll	 be	 more	 than	 happy	 to	 help	 my	 …
source.”
“Now	see	here,	Tookus—”
“Stuff	it,	Mr.	Director.	Give	me	a	time	and	a	place	for	the	handover.	You	get	back	the
Internet.	Win-win.	If	you	choose	not	to	play	ball—and	you	have	sixty	seconds	to	make	up
your	mind—this	line	goes	down,	and	I’m	on	the	way	to	the	FBI.”

“All	right,	all	right,	you	son	of	a	bitch.	Be	warned,	you’re	going	on	the	list.”
“To	 that	 countess’s	 shindig!	 Man,	 I	 so	 want	 to	 go	 to	 that!	 Are	 you	 saying	 you	 can
arrange	it?	Wow!	Double	wow!”	Abner	laughed.	He	stopped	laughing	and	said,	“Where?”
“How	do	we	know	your	source	will	come	through?”
“Because	I	said	so.	I	have	an	idea.	Bundle	up	all	those	files	and	have	them	delivered	to
the	Starbucks	on	Constitution	Avenue.	One	driver.	That’s	it.	Bring	them	in	the	back	of	a
pickup	 truck	 with	 a	 tarp	 over	 them.	 A	 messenger	 who	 is	 totally	 innocent	 and	 knows
nothing	about	what	is	going	on	will	be	waiting	for	you	to	transfer	them	to	another	vehicle.
He	drives	away.	Your	people	drive	away.	We’ll	be	watching,	so	don’t	try	any	tricks.	Do	we
have	a	deal?”
“We	need	time,”	the	director	said.
“You	don’t	have	time.	You	have	ninety	minutes.	You’d	better	get	cracking	if	you	want
to	meet	the	deadline.”	Abner	broke	the	connection	and	looked	around.	Dennis	looked	like
he	was	going	to	explode.
“Come	along,	young	man.	I’m	going	to	show	you	where	the	farm	truck	is.	It	has	a	few
kinks	 you	 need	 to	 be	 aware	 of.	 Do	 not	 speed	 on	 your	 way.	 You	 do	 know	 where	 the
Starbucks	is,	don’t	you?”
“Yes.	I.	Do.”
“After	the	transfer,	you	head	straight	for	the	BOLO	Building.	Cyrus	is	going	to	go	with
you	if	Jack	okays	it.”	Jack	nodded.	Cyrus	was	already	at	the	door,	his	tail	swishing	so	fast
it	felt	like	a	breeze	was	whipping	through	the	old	kitchen.
When	the	kitchen	door	closed	behind	Charles	and	Dennis,	Abner	frowned.	“I	don’t	trust
those	guys	at	the	CIA.”
“What?	You	worked	for	them	for	three	years!”	Ted	said.
“Yeah,	and	that’s	why	I	don’t	trust	them.	I	know	what	they	do,	what	they’re	capable	of.
They’ll	 come	 through.	 It’s	 what	 they’ll	 do	 afterward	 that	 concerns	 me.	 But	 once	 the
handover	happens,	we	need	to	create	a	diversion	of	some	kind	so	the	kid	can	make	a	clean
getaway.”
“We	just	call	in	to	the	locals	and	say	there	is	a	sighting	of	Allison	Bannon,	their	rogue
agent,	in	the	area	of	Starbucks.	All	hell	will	break	loose,	and	the	kid	takes	it	on	the	lam,
with	us	watching	for	tails,”	Jack	said	breezily.
“We	 need	 to	 leave	 right	 now,”	 Charles	 said	 when	 he	 entered	 the	 kitchen.	 “Like	 right
now.	We	need	to	get	there	ahead	of	young	Dennis.	That	old	truck	won’t	go	over	forty-five
miles	an	hour,	so	it’s	safe	to	say	we’ll	beat	him	into	town.”
Five	 minutes	 later,	 a	 parade	 of	 cars	 roared	 through	 the	 open	 gates	 and	 out	 to	 the
highway.

Chapter	Twelve

Dennis	parked	the	old	farm	truck	in	the	Starbucks	parking	lot	and	turned	off	the	engine.
He	opened	the	door	and	swung	his	legs	out	just	as	Cyrus	let	himself	out	and	walked	over
to	take	up	his	position	near	Dennis.	Dennis	stroked	the	animal’s	head	as	he	talked	to	the
dog,	who	appeared	to	be	listening	intently.	“I	know	this	hunk	of	junk	looks	terrible,	but	it
has	a	new	engine.	Charles	told	me	the	truck	was	willed	to	him	by	an	old	war	buddy	who
emigrated	 to	 Minnesota	 when	 their	 cover	 was	 blown	 while	 serving	 under	 Her	 Majesty.
Charles	 flew	 to	 Minnesota	 for	 the	 funeral	 and	 was	 presented	 with	 the	 truck	 by	 his
colleague’s	children	afterward.	He	treasures	it.	He	also	put	in	seat	belts.	It	has	new	tires.
It’s	 just	 the	 shell	 that	 is	 an	 eyesore.	 One	 eyesore	 people	 will	 remember,	 like	 the	 dudes
we’re	meeting	up	with.	You	following	all	this,	Cyrus?”	Dennis	asked	nervously.
Cyrus	yipped	to	signal	his	answer	in	the	affirmative.
“Charles	 doesn’t	 think	 they’ll	 follow	 us	 back	 to	 the	 farm.	 Why	 would	 they—all	 they
have	to	do	is	run	the	license	plate,	which	is	still	registered	in	Minnesota.	Charles	is	really
smart	to	have	thought	that	far	ahead	back	then.	Every	year,	he	has	faithfully	renewed	it.
Ah,	 I	 hear	 Harry	 and	 your	 master.	 You	 know	 the	 rule.	 You	 stay	 here	 and	 don’t	 give	 up
anything	like	running	to	greet	Jack.	Yeah,	yeah,	I	know	he	talked	to	you	before	he	left,	but
you’re	a	dog,	Cyrus!”	Cyrus	bared	his	teeth	in	a	vicious	snarl.	“Stop	trying	to	scare	me.	I
got	your	schtick	a	long	time	ago.	And	you	obey	orders.	Okay,	there	they	go.	Look	sharp,
Cyrus!	I	know	you	live	to	bite	someone’s	ass,	and	it	might	happen,	so	stay	alert.”	Cyrus
quivered	from	head	to	toe	in	wild	anticipation	of	the	possibility	signaled	by	the	reporter’s
words	actually	happening.
Inside	 Starbucks,	 Jack	 looked	 out	 the	 window	 to	 see	 a	 black	 panel	 van	 pull	 up	 two
parking	spaces	away	from	the	farm	pickup	truck.	“It’s	going	to	go	down	now.	Ahhh,	four
guys.	Back	is	opening	up.	Bankers	boxes.	We	need	to	go	outside	now,	so	Dennis	doesn’t
do	anything	stupid.	Even	with	Cyrus	there.”
Harry	 was	 already	 halfway	 out	 the	 door	 before	 Jack	 stopped	 talking.	 They	 casually
sauntered	toward	where	Harry	had	parked	his	Ducati.	As	they	strolled	past	Dennis,	they
could	hear	one	of	the	buttoned-up	suits	say	to	Dennis,	“Well,	aren’t	you	going	to	help?”
“You	talking	to	me?	If	so,	no.	I	just	pick	up	and	deliver.	Says	so	in	my	contract.”
One	of	the	bankers	boxes	hit	the	bed	of	the	truck,	and	the	lid	flew	off.	Dennis	stretched
his	neck,	and	said,	“Not	nice.	I’m	not	responsible	for	the	contents	if	anything	blows	away.
One	way	or	another,	you	guys	will	pay	for	any	loss	or	damage.	Do	that	again,	and	this	dog
will	 chew	 your	 ass	 off.	 Nice	 and	 easy,	 boys.”	 Dennis	 felt	 like	 a	 badass	 and	 hoped	 it
showed.
Cyrus	 advanced	 to	 within	 striking	 distance	 and	 froze	 before	 he	 let	 loose	 with	 a
bloodcurdling	 growl,	 then	 showed	 the	 pearly	 whites	 that	 Jack	 faithfully	 brushed	 twice	 a
day.	 The	 four	 men	 paused	 as	 they	 stared	 at	 the	 dog,	 then	 at	 Dennis,	 who	 was	 staring	 at
Jack	as	both	men	fought	to	control	their	laughter.
“Easy,	 Cyrus,”	 Dennis	 crooned	 under	 his	 breath	 as	 the	 balance	 of	 the	 cartons	 were
carefully	slid	into	the	truck	bed.	The	sound	of	the	tailgate	slamming	shut	ten	minutes	later

clued	Dennis	to	the	fact	the	transfer	was	complete.
“Okay,	 buddy,	 sign	 here	 that	 you	 got	 all	 sixteen	 boxes	 and	 the	 one	 labeled	 ‘United
States’!”	one	of	the	men	shouted.
“What!	 What!	 You	 didn’t	 hear	 me?	 I	 said	 I	 just	 pick	 up	 and	 deliver.	 You	 want	 me	 to
sign	something,	bring	it	here,	and	I’ll	sign	it;	otherwise,	I’m	outta	here.	I’m	on	a	deadline.
I	get	paid	by	the	trip,	and	any	failure	to	meet	the	deadline	comes	out	of	my	pay.”	Dennis
swung	his	legs	back	inside	the	truck	and	turned	on	the	engine,	but	he	didn’t	close	the	rusty
door.
The	four	men	eyed	one	another	uneasily	as	Cyrus	moved	to	go	around	to	the	passenger
side	of	the	truck.	“Get	that	mutt	outta	here!”	one	of	the	men	shouted.
Cyrus	 stopped	 when	 he	 heard	 the	 word	 mutt	 and	 lunged	 at	 the	 man	 holding	 a	 slip	 of
paper.
Dennis	 gasped	 as	 guns	 appeared	 out	 of	 nowhere	 in	 the	 hands	 of	 the	 other	 three	 men.
Out	of	the	corner	of	his	eye,	he	saw	Harry	and	Jack	seem	to	fly	through	the	air,	their	arms
and	 legs	 going	 every	 which	 way.	 And	 then	 it	 went	 deathly	 quiet,	 with	 the	 only	 sound
coming	from	the	man	whose	buttocks	Cyrus	had	in	his	jaw.	The	other	three	men	looked	to
be	sleeping	peacefully	on	the	ground.	Dennis	decided	right	then	and	there	that	he	had	just
learned	more	curse	words	in	one	minute	than	he	had	his	entire	life.
“Good	job,	Cyrus!”	Jack	said.	“You	can	let	him	go	now.	You	had	your	fun,	so	it’s	back
to	work.”	Cyrus	yipped	happily	as	he	hopped	into	the	old	farm	truck	and	buckled	up.
“You	did	good,	kid,”	Harry	said,	slapping	Dennis	on	the	back.	“Head	for	home.	We’ll
stick	around	a	while	to	make	sure	these	guys	get	off	okay.	Keep	an	eye	on	the	rearview
mirror,	but	I	don’t	think	there	will	be	anyone	following	you.	They’ll	think	they’re	ahead	of
the	game	with	the	license-plate	number.”
The	 only	 agent	 still	 standing,	 and	 Jack	 and	 Harry	 simply	 assumed	 they	 were	 agents,
rubbed	 his	 buttocks	 and	 turned	 white	 when	 he	 saw	 blood	 puddling	 around	 his	 shoe.
“You’re	under	arrest!”
Jack	 and	 Harry	 laughed.	 Harry	 reached	 out,	 tweaked	 the	 agent	 under	 his	 ear,	 and
watched	as	he	joined	his	fellow	agents	on	the	concrete	parking	lot.
“Some	people	are	just	plain	silly,	don’t	you	agree,	Harry?”	Jack	bent	down,	picked	up
the	slip	of	paper,	and	signed	it	Donald	J.	Trump.	He	guffawed	as	he	tried	to	outrun	Harry
to	the	Ducati.	Harry	beat	him	by	a	nanosecond.
Ten	 minutes	 later,	 Harry	 whizzed	 by	 the	 rusty	 farm	 truck.	 Dennis	 tapped	 the	 horn,	 a
froggy,	 wheezing	 sound.	 He	 waved.	 Cyrus	 slept	 peacefully	 on	 the	 passenger	 seat.	 He’d
had	enough	action	for	one	day.
*	*	*
As	Dennis	headed	back	to	Pinewood,	the	Karas	brothers	were	stalled	in	traffic	on	their
way	 into	 the	 District	 of	 Columbia.	 Roland,	 the	 younger	 brother	 by	 two	 minutes,	 was
irritated,	and	he	let	it	show.	“This	is	a	mistake,	Ryland.	You	should	have	said	something,
explained	in	more	detail.	Why	didn’t	you?”

“We	were	told	never	to	question	our	benefactor.	I	simply	did	as	I	was	told.	And	then	the
Internet	 and	 the	 phones	 went	 down.	 Not	 that	 I	 would	 have	 called	 him	 back	 because	 I
would	 never	 do	 that.	 Nor	 would	 you	 if	 you	 stop	 and	 think	 about	 it.	 It’s	 easy	 to	 say
something	after	the	fact.”
“And	you’re	right.	It’s	a	mistake,	Ry.	You	know	it,	and	I	know	it.	No	matter	what	fiction
says,	 you	 do	 not,	 I	 repeat,	 you	 do	 not	 return	 to	 the	 scene	 of	 the	 crime.	 What	 is	 he
thinking?”
“I	 have	 no	 idea,	 and	 I	 do	 not	 want	 to	 know.	 He	 said	 drive	 to	 Washington,	 do	 not	 fly.
Check	 in	 at	 the	 Sofitel.	 All	 the	 arrangements	 have	 been	 made.	 That’s	 it.	 So,	 that’s	 what
we’re	going	to	do	if	we	ever	get	there.”
Roland	handed	over	the	newspaper	he’d	read	from	cover	to	cover	to	his	brother.	“You
should	 read	 the	 article	 on	 the	 front	 page,	 the	 one	 above	 the	 fold,	 then	 the	 article	 on	 the
CIA	agent	who	has	gone	rogue.	Seriously,	Ryland,	read	both	articles.”
With	nothing	else	to	do	but	twiddle	his	thumbs,	Ryland	scanned	the	printed	matter	on
top	 of	 the	 fold.	 “Well,	 this	 explains	 why	 we’re	 going	 to	 Washington.	 Our	 benefactor
assumes	we	will	be	on	the	list,	and	he	wants	us	available	to	attend	this	black	tie	event.”
Roland	made	a	rude	sound	deep	in	his	throat	that	caused	his	brother	to	look	at	him	in
alarm.	“What?”
“I	don’t	think	we’re	going	to	be	on	that	list.	The	countess	has	hosted	many	a	soiree	to
raise	money	here	and	abroad,	and	we	have	never	been	invited	before	this.	What	makes	our
benefactor	think	this	time	will	be	different?	It’s	too	close….	Something	isn’t	right.	Think,
Ryland,	for	God’s	sake,	think	for	once	instead	of	blindly	obeying	our	benefactor.”
“You	think	we’re	being	set	up	for	…	for	…”
“Yes.	 Yes,	 that’s	 exactly	 what	 I	 think.	 We	 made	 mistakes.	 That	 rogue	 agent	 is	 on	 the
hunt	for	us.	She	wants	her	children.	It’s	all	tied	in	together.	Don’t	you	get	it?”
“And	you	are	visualizing	a	very	nasty	outcome	to	this	visit,	is	that	what	you	are	saying?
Or	should	I	say	predicting?”
“Exactly.	I’m	glad	you	are	finally	seeing	it.”
“Roland,	 what	 would	 you	 have	 us	 do?	 There’s	 nothing	 for	 us	 outside	 of	 this	 car.	 Our
benefactor	 owns	 us,	 body	 and	 soul.	 There’s	 nothing	 we	 can	 do	 but	 follow	 his	 orders.
Unless	you	have	a	death	wish,	which	I	do	not	share.”
“Think	about	this,	brother.	Assume	we	get	caught.	Can	you	even	begin	to	imagine	what
life	will	be	like	for	us	here	in	an	American	prison,	considering	the	business	we’re	in?	I	do
so	wish	you	would	read	more.	You	would	not	do	well,	nor	would	I,	as	prison	bitches.”
“It	will	never	come	to	that,	Roland.	Our	benefactor	will	take	care	of	us.”
“No,	Ryland,	he	won’t.	He	will	only	protect	himself	and	those	closest	to	him.	He’ll	toss
us	to	the	wolves.	Or	he’ll	kill	us	first.”
Ryland	closed	his	eyes	and	thought	about	what	his	brother	had	just	said.	Roland	was	no
fool,	and	he	did	read.	Roland	was	worldlier,	and	he	understood	society	much	more	than
Ryland	himself	did.	He	should	pay	attention	to	what	he	was	hearing.	Even	agreeing	with

him	would	do	no	good	if	he	was	right.
Roland	stared	at	his	brother	until	his	eyes	snapped	open.	“What	would	you	have	us	do?
Do	you	have	a	plan?	What,	brother?”
“Sadly,	no.	But	if	we	work	together,	surely	we	can	come	up	with	something.”
Ryland	surprised	his	brother	with	his	next	question.	“What	has	you	the	most	worried,
the	countess’s	party	list	or	the	rogue	agent?”
Roland	didn’t	hesitate	before	replying.	“Both,	because	I	think	they	are	tied	together.”
“The	agent	concerns	me	the	most,”	Ryland	confided.
“And	it	should	because	that’s	on	you.	You	gave	the	order	to	snatch	her	kids.	I	said	no,
and	you	overruled	me.”
“As	you	pointed	out,	I	made	a	mistake.	We	have	to	find	a	way	to	correct	that	mistake.”
“You	really	need	to	start	listening	to	me,	Ry.	It’s	too	late.	We	can’t	correct	it.”
“I	refuse	to	believe	that,”	Ryland	said,	leaning	back	into	the	softness	of	the	leather	seat.
He	put	in	his	earbuds	and	closed	his	eyes.
With	nothing	else	to	do	while	sitting	in	stalled	traffic,	Roland	reached	for	the	paper	and
started	 to	 read	 it	 a	 second	 time,	 hoping	 he	 had	 missed	 something	 that	 would	 give	 him
pleasure	the	second	time	around.
*	*	*
Harry	 Wong	 knew	 the	 moment	 he	 stepped	 into	 his	 dojo	 that	 someone	 was	 inside.	 He
took	a	deep	breath,	held	it,	and	let	it	out	slowly.	He	did	it	again	and	again	until	he	had	his
heart	rate	where	he	wanted	it.
He	walked	about,	turning	on	lights.	His	senses	were	functioning	at	an	all-time	high.	He
was	aware	of	everything	at	a	glance.	Choa,	his	lead	instructor,	had	once	again	forgotten	to
put	the	cap	on	the	eucalyptus	liniment.	He	put	the	top	on	and	twisted	it.	He	was	aware	of
the	smell	of	sweat,	disinfectant,	and	eucalyptus.	Sometimes,	the	smell	bothered	him;	other
times,	he	didn’t	even	notice	it.	The	dojo	was	clean,	and	that	was	all	that	mattered	to	him.
There	was	no	one	in	any	of	the	workout	rooms.	That	had	to	mean	whoever	was	in	the
dojo	was	upstairs	in	his	apartment.	It	wasn’t	his	wife,	Yoko—she	was	somewhere	with	the
sisters—and	it	wasn’t	his	daughter,	Lily—she	was	at	school.
Harry	didn’t	hesitate	or	break	step.	He	did	what	he	always	did:	he	headed	for	the	stairs
that	would	take	him	to	the	second	floor,	where	he	lived	with	his	family.	He	turned	on	the
light	at	the	bottom	of	the	staircase	that	lit	up	the	entire	stairway	and	the	small	foyer	at	the
top.	Then	he	ascended	the	stairs.	To	his	left	was	the	kitchen,	to	his	right,	the	living	room.
Then	another	small	hallway	where	two	bedrooms	were	side	to	side	with	the	bathroom	on
the	left.
He	 didn’t	 miss	 a	 step	 when	 he	 turned	 on	 another	 light,	 and	 his	 kitchen	 appeared.	 A
woman	was	sitting	at	the	kitchen	table,	her	hands	folded.	“I	didn’t	touch	anything,	Harry.
I’ve	just	been	sitting	here	waiting.	This	is	your	home,	but	I	was	afraid	to	stay	outside,	too
many	eyes	out	there.	I	swear,	Harry,	I	didn’t	even	look	around.”

“It’s	okay.	How	are	you,	Tea	Pope?”
Allison	Bannon	didn’t	move.	“Oh,	God,	Harry,	do	you	know	how	good	it	is	to	hear	my
real	name	said	out	loud?”	A	sob	caught	in	her	throat.	“They	erased	me,	Harry.	But	that’s
not	why	I’m	here.	How	are	my	children?	Are	they	okay?	Lizzie	…”
“I	know.	The	kids	are	fine,	or	as	fine	as	they	can	be.	We’ve	been	taking	care	of	them.
They’re	 healthy.	 Resilient.	 They	 miss	 you,	 of	 course.	 They	 talk	 about	 you	 all	 the	 time,
especially	Andy.	He	said	you	are	going	to	be	proud	of	him	because	he	doesn’t	eat	with	his
fingers	anymore.	He’s	pretty	good	with	a	spoon.”
Allison’s	shoulders	started	to	shake.	“Oh,	God,	Harry!	I	need	to	see	them.	Can	you	take
me	to	where	they	are?	Like	right	now?”
“They’re	 asleep.	 They	 had	 just	 gone	 to	 bed	 when	 I	 left	 to	 come	 home.	 We’ll	 go	 first
thing	in	the	morning.	You	look	different.”
“Not	different	enough	to	fool	you,	though,	right?”
“It’s	the	eyes.	The	eyes	are	always	a	dead	giveaway.	How	did	you	get	here?”
“Lizzie	helped	me.	My	new	name	is	Doris	Brown—all	the	creds	say	so.	She	got	me	an
SUV.	I	have	a	bank	account	and	an	ATM	card.	I’m	good	for	the	moment.	I	parked	a	block
away	and	walked	the	rest	of	the	way.”
“What	happened,	Tea?	Who	the	hell	are	you	working	for?”
“I,	along	with	my	team,	are	on	loan	to	Homeland	Security.	Three	years	now.	I’m	on	the
CIA	payroll,	but	as	you	know,	they	are	forbidden	to	operate	domestically.”
“Where’s	Steven?”
“Hopefully	in	custody,	singing	his	heart	out.	He	was	a	mole.	He’ll	try	to	cut	a	deal,	and
who	knows	what	will	happen.	He	sold	us	out.	I	didn’t	see	it	coming,	Harry.	That	means
I’m	slipping.	The	marriage	was	over	years	ago,	after	Andy’s	birth,	if	you	want	me	to	be
specific.	He	wanted	his	own	team,	resented	being	my	number	two.	While	the	rest	of	the
team	worked	with	him,	they	wouldn’t	take	orders	from	him.	I	talked	to	my	handler,	but	he
said	he	wasn’t	going	to	make	any	changes	until	this	mission	had	been	completed.	Guess
that	didn’t	sit	well	with	Steven.
“We	had	the	guys	we	wanted	nailed	down.	Easy	peasy.	When	we	got	there,	they	were
gone,	the	place	sterilized.	I	knew	in	my	gut	it	was	Steven	who	sold	us	out,	but	when	I	saw
the	smug	look	on	his	face,	I	knew	for	certain.	So	did	the	team.	He	wanted	me	to	look	bad,
to	show	I	was	chasing	phantoms.
“I	went	nuts	when	I	found	out	my	kids	had	been	kidnapped.	I	raised	all	kinds	of	hell.
Luka	 told	 me	 everything	 was	 being	 done	 by	 the	 agency	 and	 every	 other	 agency,
specifically	the	FBI,	to	find	them.	I	believed	him.	I	still	believe	that.	They’ve	taken	good
care	of	my	kids	over	the	years.	Steven	didn’t	seem	to	care.	Harry,	he	didn’t	care.
“I	 made	 the	 decision	 that	 it	 was	 time	 to	 get	 out.	 So,	 I	 cut	 and	 ran.	 My	 kids	 are	 more
important	 to	 me	 than	 the	 CIA.	 I	 don’t	 care	 how	 much	 money	 they	 spent	 training	 me,	 I
don’t	care	that	I’m	number	one.	I	gave	them	fifteen	years.	Fifteen	years	I	can	never	get
back.	I	allowed	them	to	turn	me	into	what	I	am	today.	Harry,	look	at	me,”	Allison	said,

tears	pooling	in	her	eyes.	“I’m	an	assassin.	I	have	a	license	to	kill	bad	people.	I	have	the
blessing	of	the	president	and	the	director	of	the	FBI.	I’m	in	demand	by	every	damn	agency
in	Washington.	Do	you	believe	that?”	She	sobbed.
“They	won’t	let	me	out.	I	know	too	much.	They’ll	kill	me,	Harry.	They	will.	They	won’t
want	to,	and	they	might	try	to	find	another	way,	but	in	the	end,	the	next	BOLO	that	goes
out	 will	 be	 STK.	 Shoot	 to	 kill.	 I’m	 good,	 but	 I	 can’t	 run	 for	 the	 rest	 of	 my	 life,	 even	 I
know	 that.	 And	 what’s	 going	 to	 happen	 to	 my	 kids?	 Steven	 is	 going	 to	 go	 to	 prison.
Neither	of	us	has	any	family.	I	need	help,	Harry.	Lizzie	said	you	and	your	friends	would
help	me.	Can	you?”
“Of	course.”
“Today,	 the	 Internet	 went	 down.	 I	 never	 thought	 that	 was	 possible.	 It’s	 like	 the	 world
came	 to	 a	 stop.	 Most	 of	 the	 cell-phone	 towers	 didn’t	 work,	 either.	 Somebody	 up	 there
must	be	watching	over	me.	I	was	able	to	make	it	here	from	Tennessee	with	no	problems.
There	were	some	roadblocks,	but	I	aced	them.	Communication,	orders,	directives	…	they
all	came	to	a	standstill.	It	worked	for	me.	Did	the	Internet	come	back	up?”
Harry	laughed.	“It	did.”
Allison	stared	at	Harry,	her	eyes	wide	in	shock.	“You	shut	it	down,	you	crashed	it!”
“Ah	…	it	was	a	collaborative	effort,	but	yes,	we	shut	it	down.	We	brought	the	CIA	to
their	knees.	They	gave	us	what	we	wanted,	which	was	basically	everything	they	had	on
your	current	mission.	They	buckled.”
“Lizzie	said	you	run	with	some	…	some	powerful	people.	Want	to	share	more?”
“No.”
“You	sure	my	kids	are	okay?	Seriously,	Harry,	don’t	pacify	me.	I	need	to	know.	I’m	a
mother.”
“Your	 kids	 are	 fine.	 I	 swear	 on	 my	 own	 daughter.	 They’re	 very	 intelligent.	 They
escaped.	 Carrie	 took	 care	 of	 Emily	 and	 Andy.	 They	 were	 held	 in	 a	 funeral	 home.	 They
slept	 in	 coffins.	 They	 think	 they	 just	 slept	 in	 boxes.	 Sooner	 or	 later,	 as	 they	 get	 older,
they’re	going	to	remember,	and	they	might	need	some	counseling.	I’m	a	grown	man,	and
it	creeps	me	out	no	end.	They’re	troopers,	Tea,	chips	off	the	old	block.	You	need	to	trust
me	…	us.”
“While	I	was	sitting	here,	I	started	to	think	about	the	past,	what	if	anything	will	be	my
future.	I	think,	at	least	right	now,	that	I,	too,	might	have	to	talk	with	a	shrink	at	some	point
if	they	don’t	get	to	me	first.	How	do	I	live	with	it,	Harry?”
Harry	 propped	 his	 elbows	 up	 on	 the	 table	 and	 stared	 across	 at	 the	 woman	 who	 was
staring	at	him	and	hoping	that	he	had	an	answer	to	her	question.	“You	saved	a	lot	of	lives.
You	and	your	team	have	made	the	world	a	better,	safer	place.	You	learn	to	live	with	it.	The
end	justifies	the	means,	that	kind	of	thing.	Console	yourself	with	what	happened	after	you
made	your	hit.	No	one	is	ever	going	to	know	except	the	people	who	need	to	know.	I	know
you	 got	 commendations,	 medals	 for	 your	 service.	 I	 also	 know	 the	 president	 himself
thanked	you	and	shook	your	hand.	If	it	weren’t	you,	there	would	have	been	someone	else
taking	the	shot.	Think	what	would	have	happened	if	that	person	missed	and	the	end	result

was	 catastrophic.	 You	 did	 it	 because	 you’re	 the	 best.	 You	 made	 all	 the	 difference.	 The
difference	is	what	counts.	Think	about	that!	Jack	laughs	at	me	when	I	say	everything	ends
just	the	way	it	was	meant	to	end.	He	said	that’s	Chinese	philosophy.	I	prefer	my	thinking.
You	did	a	job	you	were	trained	to	do.	You	can’t	blame	yourself	that	you’re	the	best	of	the
best.	You	proved	it	here	in	the	dojo.	We	good	here?	Want	some	tea,	some	food?”
“Who	is	Jack?	Forget	that	crappy	tea	you	drink.	I	don’t	think	my	stomach	can	handle
your	seeds	and	sprouts.	Now	if	you	offer	me	hot,	strong	coffee	and	a	ham	sandwich	or	a
cheese	one,	then	I’m	your	girl.”
Harry	grinned.	“I	have	coffee.	And	there	is	ham	and	cheese	in	the	fridge.	My	daughter
comes	home	from	school	on	weekends,	and	she	likes	ham	and	cheese.	She	detests	Chinese
and	Japanese	food.	Go	figure.	Jack	is	…	Jack	is	…	my	friend.	He’s	like	a	brother.”
“A	close	friend	then.	I	understand.	I	don’t	have	any	friends.	No	relatives,	either.	For	a
while,	 Steven	 was	 my	 friend.	 That’s	 back	 when	 the	 marriage	 worked.”	 Allison	 wound
down	and	watched	Harry	as	he	put	water	on	to	boil	for	his	tea,	and	then	he	made	coffee
before	he	made	her	a	thick	sandwich	that	looked	delicious.
“So,	Harry,”	Allison	said	between	mouthfuls	of	food,	“who	are	these	…	ah	…	special
people	 you	 are	 aligned	 with?	 Lizzie	 spoke	 glowingly	 of	 you,	 but	 she	 wouldn’t	 divulge
anything	other	than	that	I	should	trust	you.	I	trust	you,	Harry.”
“Tomorrow	morning,	when	we	head	out	to	Pinewood,	will	be	time	enough.	You	need	to
eat	and	go	to	bed.	We’ll	head	out	early	to	beat	the	rush-hour	traffic.	You	will	need	to	park
your	vehicle	in	the	alley	outside	the	dojo.	We’ll	take	my	motorcycle.”
“You	still	have	the	Ducati?”	Allison	asked	in	surprise.
Harry	was	shocked	at	the	question.	“You	remembered	the	Ducati.”
“Harry,	 I	 remember	 every	 single	 minute	 I	 spent	 here	 at	 the	 dojo.	 I	 remember	 all	 the
aches,	the	pains,	the	brutality.	I	remember	crying	myself	to	sleep	at	night	because	I	hurt	so
bad.	I	remember	the	humiliation	on	the	bad	days.	The	guys	who	talked	behind	my	back,
the	names	they	called	me.	I	remember	that	even	though	I	never	said	anything	to	you,	you
were	 going	 to	 interfere,	 but	 I	 told	 you	 no.	 But	 what	 I	 really	 remember	 is	 the	 day	 of	 the
final	trials,	when	you	bowed	to	me.	You	bowed	to	me.	To	me	that	meant	I	was	your	equal.
That	was	all	I	needed	to	go	forward.	I	felt	like	you	had	handed	me	the	Holy	Grail.	I	saw
my	 picture	 on	 your	 wall.	 You	 didn’t	 just	 talk	 the	 talk,	 you	 walked	 the	 walk.	 I	 will	 be
forever	grateful.	Your	training	saved	my	life	on	four	separate	occasions.	To	me,	that	meant
I	would	live	to	see	my	kids	again.	‘Thank	you’	hardly	seems	enough.”
“It’s	enough,”	Harry	said	gruffly.	He	had	a	hard	time	accepting	praise.
“You	can	sleep	in	Lily’s	room.	It’s	late.	Morning	will	be	here	before	you	know	it.”
“If	it’s	all	the	same	to	you,	Harry,	I’ll	just	sit	here	and	wait	for	morning.	You	go	ahead.
You	need	your	sleep.”
“We	could	talk.	Tell	me	about	your	fifteen	years	out	in	the	field.	I’m	a	good	listener,	and
whatever	you	tell	me	stays	with	me.”
Allison	laughed.	“You	sure	you	want	to	hear	all	that?”

Harry	 didn’t	 laugh.	 “Yes,	 Tea,	 I	 want	 to	 hear.	 And	 I	 think	 you	 need	 to	 get	 it	 all	 out,
knowing	that	whatever	you	say	will	stay	with	me.”
“Fine,	but	first	I	want	to	hear	about	your	family.	Your	wife	and	daughter.	Then	we’ll	get
to	my	stuff.	Deal?”
“Deal.”

Chapter	Thirteen

The	 early	 morning	 cable	 news	 was	 jubilant	 that	 the	 Internet	 was	 back	 up	 and	 running.
The	cell-phone	towers	were	also	working,	they	chortled.	Now	all	the	talking	heads	wanted
was	 someone’s	 head	 on	 a	 platter	 for	 causing	 what	 one	 morning	 anchor	 referred	 to	 as
almost	the	end	of	the	communication	world.
The	digital	clock	on	the	range	was	one	minute	away	from	five	o’clock,	and	Charles	and
Fergus	had	already	cooked	mountains	of	scrambled	eggs	and	pounds	of	bacon	and	sausage
for	the	team.
“So	where	do	we	stand?”	Abner	said,	rubbing	his	red-rimmed	eyes.
Avery	 Snowden	 looked	 around	 the	 table.	 “The	 CIA’s	 files	 we	 spent	 the	 night	 going
through	simply	verified	pretty	much	what	we	already	knew.	The	U.S.	file	confirmed	that
the	 Bannons,	 their	 team,	 were	 on	 loan	 to	 Homeland	 Security.	 We	 had	 already	 assumed
that.	Team	Bannon	has	been	working	domestically	on	the	Karas	brothers	for	the	past	three
years	for	Homeland	Security.	Off	and	on.	Then,	when	the	brothers	packed	up	and	left	the
U.S.	 and	 traveled	 to	 wherever	 they	 were	 going,	 usually	 abroad,	 they	 followed	 and	 went
back	to	working	for	the	CIA.”
“Do	we	still	think	…	believe	that	the	brothers	are	untouchable?”	Jack	asked.
“Pretty	much,”	Snowden	said	sourly.	“I	just	got	a	report	from	a	reliable	source	that	there
are	eight	SUVs	parked	at	the	Sofitel	hotel	in	D.C.	There	are	forty-eight	people,	security,
protecting	the	brothers.	Same	deal	they	had	at	the	Ritz-Carlton	in	Atlanta.	They’ve	taken
over	three	entire	floors.”
“I’m	not	getting	this,”	Ted	said.	The	others	agreed.	They	all	looked	at	Snowden	for	the
answer.
Avery	Snowden	shrugged.	“The	only	thing	I	can	think	of	is	what	Maggie	did	with	the
front	 page	 of	 the	 Post.	 The	 brothers	 want	 to	 be	 available.	 I’m	 thinking	 they’re	 thinking
they	 will	 be	 on	 the	 list.	 Arriving	 now	 is	 opportune	 for	 them.	 It	 will	 be	 easy	 for	 an
invitation	to	be	delivered.”	He	flapped	his	hands	to	show	he	was	just	guessing.	“Only	a
fool	returns	to	the	scene	of	the	crime.	The	brothers	are	not	fools.	Someone	is	jerking	their
strings.”
“How	do	we	get	them?”	Dennis	asked.
“Good	question,	kid.	We	need	a	plan,”	Jack	said.	“Where	the	hell	is	Harry?”
“He’s	on	his	way,	along	with	Allison	Bannon,”	Charles	said.
“Forty-eight	people	is	a	small	army.	We’re	no	match	for	that,”	Espinosa	grumbled.
“Plus	 what	 we	 read	 in	 the	 files,	 their	 security	 is	 top	 notch.	 Retired	 from	 their
professions.	 When	 I	 say	 ‘retired,’	 I	 am	 not	 using	 the	 term	 the	 way	 Americans	 think	 of
retirement.	These	are	men	who	have	been	kicked	out	of	the	agencies	they	worked	for	for	a
variety	 of	 reasons.	 They’re	 mercenaries,	 soldiers	 of	 fortune.	 Well-paid	 mercenaries.	 In
other	words,	they	aren’t	going	to	kick	ass	and	take	names.	They’re	going	to	shoot	to	kill.
We’re	no	match	for	that	kind	of	security,”	Abner	said	as	he	got	up	to	carry	his	plate	to	the

sink.
“Whoa!	How	can	you	say	we’re	no	match	for	them?”	Jack	exclaimed.	Cyrus	reared	up
and	sprinted	over	to	where	Abner	was	standing.	He	barked	twice.	Translation:	Yeah,	how
can	you	say	that?	Did	you	forget	about	me?
Abner	reached	down	to	stroke	the	sweet	spot	between	Cyrus’s	eyes.	He	whirled	around
and	 barked	 back.	 “You’re	 saying	 you	 and	 Harry,	 just	 the	 two	 of	 you,	 can	 take	 on	 fortyeight	mercenaries!”
“Well,	when	you	put	it	like	that,	no,	we	obviously	can’t	do	that.	We’ll	need	some	help.
Anyway,	 make	 that	 three	 because	 Allison	 Bannon	 will	 be	 on	 our	 side.	 With	 Cyrus,	 that
adds	up	to	four.”
“A	diversion	of	some	kind	at	the	hotel.	Then	we	do	a	snatch	and	grab,”	Maggie	said,
just	as	Lady	and	her	pups	ran	to	the	door.
“Harry’s	here!”	Espinosa	said.	He	turned	on	the	outside	light,	which	bathed	the	entire
courtyard	in	blinding	white	light.	The	sun	had	yet	to	creep	toward	the	horizon.	He	opened
the	door.
Harry	made	the	introductions.	All	eyes	were	on	Allison	Bannon.	She	looked	like	a	pixie
minus	the	costume.
Charles	 held	 up	 his	 hands.	 “Maggie,	 take	 Mrs.	 Bannon	 to	 her	 children.	 She’s	 waited
long	enough	to	see	them.”	Allison	bit	down	on	her	lip	as	her	eyes	filled	with	tears.	She
said	nothing,	she	just	waited	as	Maggie	reached	for	her	arm.
“They’re	still	asleep.	They	usually	sleep	till	around	nine,	but	I’m	sure	they	won’t	mind
waking	up	early.”
“No,	 no,	 I	 won’t	 wake	 them.	 I	 just	 need	 to	 see	 them.	 Seeing	 them	 is	 all	 I	 need	 right
now.”
Maggie	nodded	as	she	opened	the	door	to	Barbara’s	old	room,	where	the	three	children
slept	together	in	the	big	bed.	“They	wanted	to	sleep	together,”	Maggie	whispered.
“Andy	 likes	 to	 cuddle.	 Carrie	 is	 like	 a	 little	 mother	 to	 Emily	 and	 Andy,”	 Allison
whispered	in	return	as	she	let	her	eyes	drink	in	the	sight	of	her	children	in	the	dim	light
provided	 by	 the	 two	 night-lights.	 “You	 have	 no	 idea	 how	 much	 I	 love	 those	 kids,”	 she
continued	to	whisper	as	she	backed	out	of	the	room.
Cooper’s	tail	thumped	on	the	carpet.	Allison	reared	back.	“What	was	that	sound?”
“That’s	Cooper,”	Maggie	whispered,	as	the	dog’s	tail	thumped	twice.	“He’s	protecting
your	children.	He’s	lying	beside	the	bed.	Cooper	is	…	it’s	complicated,	Allison.”
“I	 know.	 Harry	 said	 almost	 exactly	 the	 same	 thing.	 Maybe	 someday	 you’ll	 explain
Cooper	to	me.	Or	not.”
Allison	backed	out	of	the	doorway	before	she	closed	the	door	quietly	behind	her.
Maggie	 smiled.	 “Oh,	 I	 think	 I	 have	 a	 pretty	 good	 idea	 how	 much	 you	 love	 your
children.	Cooper	is	for	another	day.”
Allison	 tugged	 at	 Maggie’s	 arm.	 “I	 heard	 something	 in	 your	 tone	 that	 leads	 me	 to

believe	you	care	for	my	children.	I	saw	the	way	you	looked	at	them	while	they	slept.	I	…
during	these	past	fifteen	years,	I’ve	had	to	make	split-second	decisions	with	no	thought	to
what	would	happen	if	I	made	the	wrong	one.	I	trust	my	gut,	my	intuition,	and	I	run	with	it.
It’s	saved	my	life	and	my	team’s	lives	more	times	than	I	want	to	remember.	Having	said
that,	I	want	to	ask	you	something.	But	first	I	want	to	tell	you	something.”
“Fire	away,”	Maggie	said	uneasily	as	she	wondered	what	was	coming	next.
Allison	 leaned	 against	 the	 staircase	 railing	 that	 overlooked	 the	 first-floor	 foyer	 and
stared	at	Maggie	in	the	subdued	lighting	of	the	long,	narrow	hallway.	“I	made	provisions
for	my	children.	Me.	Not	me	and	my	husband.	Me.	I	contacted	Lizzie	Fox,	and	she	took
care	 of	 everything	 for	 me.	 I’ve	 provided	 for	 all	 three	 of	 them	 well	 into	 their	 adulthood.
Lizzie	 is	 the	 trustee	 of	 the	 trust	 that	 I	 had	 set	 up.	 I	 would	 like	 you	 to	 be	 part	 of	 that.
Because	…	because	if	I	don’t	…	if	I	don’t	make	it,	I	want	to	know	I	left	my	kids	in	good
hands.	I	don’t	want	my	husband	anywhere	near	those	kids.	If	there	is	a	God,	and	if	justice
prevails,	Steven	will	go	to	prison	for	the	traitor	he	is.
“Will	 you	 agree,	 Maggie?	 I	 know	 it’s	 a	 lot	 to	 ask,	 and	 we	 just	 met.	 Will	 you	 at	 least
consider	it?”
Maggie	didn’t	stop	to	think,	to	consider	or	weigh	her	response.	She	simply	said,	“Yes.”
Then	 she	 hugged	 the	 secret	 agent	 and	 led	 the	 way	 back	 down	 to	 the	 kitchen,	 using	 the
back	staircase.	“There’s	nothing	stronger	than	a	mother’s	love.	I’ve	read	that,	but	I’ve	also
heard	it	voiced	hundreds	of	times	over	the	years.	Sadly,	I	am	not	a	mother.	I	do	have	a	cat,
though,	 that	 I	 love.”	 She	 did	 take	 a	 second	 to	 wonder	 where	 a	 government	 agent	 could
come	up	with	enough	money	to	hire	high-dollar	attorney	Lizzie	Fox	and	provide	for	her
children	into	adulthood.
“Works	for	me,”	Allison	said	with	a	wan	smile.
Back	 in	 the	 kitchen,	 where	 everyone	 was	 gathered,	 Charles	 asked	 if	 he	 could	 make
Allison	some	breakfast.	She	shook	her	head.	“We	need	to	talk.”
“Yes,	we	do,”	Charles	said.	He	looked	around	at	the	messy	kitchen	and	shrugged.	“This
can	wait.	Follow	us,	young	lady.”
If	 Allison	 Bannon	 was	 surprised	 at	 the	 secret	 bookcase	 and	 the	 stone	 steps	 that	 led
down	to	the	war	room,	she	gave	no	sign.	Nor	did	she	show	any	emotion	when	she	watched
the	team	salute	Lady	Justice	on	the	big	screen.	She	sat	down	and	waited.
“I’m	sure	Harry	has	explained	everything,	am	I	right?”
“Not	everything,”	Harry	said	carefully.
A	wry	grin	stretched	across	Allison’s	face.	“He	left	off	the	part	about	all	of	you	being
the	male	team	of	the	infamous	vigilantes.	Am	I	right?”
The	 collective	 gasp	 that	 echoed	 in	 the	 room	 brought	 a	 full	 smile	 to	 her	 face.	 “I’m	 a
superagent,	 remember.	 I	 recognize	 this	 place.	 Not	 where	 we	 are	 now	 but	 the	 outside.	 I
worked	under	the	FBI	on	loan	back	in	the	day	when	the	whole	world	was	trying	to	catch
the	vigilantes.	Even	though	I	was	tasked	to	find	them,	I	was	rooting	for	them	to	get	away.
In	my	heart	of	hearts.	I	remember	Jack	Emery	and	the	reporters.	We	had	them	cornered
and	 were	 getting	 ready	 to	 make	 our	 move	 when	 the	 president	 issued	 the	 order	 to	 stand

down.	I	didn’t	know	then,	but	I	know	now	that	Lizzie	Fox	was	instrumental	in	the	standdown.	 And	 then	 they	 all	 disappeared.	 Literally	 into	 thin	 air.	 The	 CIA	 snatched	 us	 back
from	the	FBI	and	sent	us	to	Spain,	where	it	was	rumored	the	vigilantes	were	holed	up	on	a
mountain.	Lucky	for	them,	another	world	crisis	that	took	precedence	came	up,	and	again
we	 were	 told	 to	 stand	 down.	 I	 have	 to	 say	 I	 was	 relieved.	 My	 heart	 was	 not	 in	 that
mission.”
The	team	gaped	at	Allison,	but	no	one	said	a	word	because	they	were	speechless	at	how
close	the	sisters	had	been	to	capture,	and	they’d	had	no	clue.
“Well,	then,	let’s	get	down	to	business,”	Charles	said	as	he	tried	to	cover	up	the	shock
of	what	he’d	just	heard	from	Allison	Bannon.
Allison	looked	over	at	Avery	Snowden	and	said,	“I	know	of	you.	You’re	good.”
Surprised,	Snowden	nodded	at	her	compliment.
Charles	 cleared	 his	 throat.	 “I	 think	 it	 would	 help	 all	 of	 us	 if	 you	 go	 first,	 Agent
Bannon.”
“I’m	not	an	agent	anymore.	I’ve	gone	rogue.	Allison	will	be	fine.”
The	team	sat	transfixed	as	Allison	recited	the	details	of	her	entire	career	from	the	day
she	was	recruited	when	she	finished	college	to	the	present,	sitting	here	at	the	table.	Allison
looked	 around	 at	 everyone	 at	 the	 table	 and	 said,	 almost	 playfully,	 “Your	 turn.	 Oh,	 wait,
there	is	one	more	thing	I	need	to	tell	you.”	She	quickly	explained	about	the	money	she’d
found.	“Lizzie	is	in	charge	of	that.”	She	almost	laughed	at	the	expressions	on	the	team’s
faces.
Charles	took	to	the	floor,	explained	his	background	and	Fergus’s	as	well.	“Mr.	Snowden
is	…	is	a	colleague	we	call	on	from	time	to	time.”	He	squared	his	shoulders	and	started
talking.	 As	 hard	 as	 she	 tried,	 Allison	 found	 it	 difficult	 to	 conceal	 her	 shock	 at	 what	 the
people	 seated	 at	 the	 table	 did.	 Lizzie	 Fox	 was	 right.	 These	 were	 the	 people	 she	 needed,
people	 Lizzie	 said	 could	 be	 trusted.	 People	 like	 her.	 She	 would	 never	 be	 able	 to	 repay
them	 for	 keeping	 her	 children	 safe,	 but	 by	 God,	 she	 would	 die	 trying.	 She	 continued	 to
listen,	nodding	from	time	to	time	until	Charles	finished.
“I’m	in,”	Allison	said.
“Now	we	need	a	plan,”	Jack	said.
Harry	shocked	everyone	speechless	when	he	said,	“I	think	I	might	be	able	to	come	up
with	one.”
“What?	What?	You	waiting	for	a	bus,	Harry?	If	you	have	a	plan,	share	it	with	us.	Like
now	would	be	good,”	Jack	growled.
“If	 I	 heard	 all	 this	 right,	 we’re	 three	 plus	 one	 killer	 dog	 going	 up	 against	 forty-eight
mercenaries.	The	odds	of	surviving	that,	much	less	accomplishing	anything	valuable,	are
not	 favorable.”	 Cyrus	 bolted	 upright	 to	 stand	 next	 to	 Jack.	 He	 loved	 the	 term	 killer	dog
even	 though	 he’d	 never	 killed	 anything.	 Not	 even	 squirrels,	 which	 he	 was	 allowed	 to
chase	but	not	kill.	He	listened	intently	to	Harry.
“My	suggestion	is	I	call	the	Triad.”

Questions	flew	around	the	room	at	the	speed	of	light.	“You	serious,	Harry?”	Jack	asked,
awe	in	his	voice.
“As	a	heart	attack.”
“Then	you	need	to	share	who	the	Triad	is	with	the	people	in	this	room	who	might	think
the	term	has	musical	implications.”
“The	Triad	consists	of	three	of	my	best	friends,	Ky,	Ling,	and	Momo.	They	are	usually
referred	 to	 as	 the	 Deadly	 Triad.	 Ky	 is	 in	 Taiwan;	 Ling,	 I	 believe,	 is	 in	 Hong	 Kong;	 and
right	now	I	have	no	idea	where	Momo	is.	They	might—I	say	might—be	willing	to	come
here	to	help	us.	That	would	even	the	odds	quite	a	bit	in	our	favor.	Six	plus	one	killer	dog.”
“How	do	you	figure	six	plus	one	killer	dog	tilts	the	odds	in	your	favor?”	Dennis	asked,
a	worried	look	on	his	face.
“Because	I	said	so,”	Harry	said.
And	that	was	the	end	of	that.
“If	I	have	a	vote	in	this,	I	agree	with	Harry.	I’ve	been,	as	they	say	in	the	business,	within
spitting	 distance	 of	 those	 guys.	 They	 are	 their	 own	 army,	 and	 there	 is	 a	 price	 on	 their
heads.	I	guess	the	question	is,	how	persuasive	can	you	be,	Harry?	And	can	we	pull	it	off?”
Allison	asked.
“The	 only	 way	 we’ll	 know	 the	 answer	 is	 if	 I	 call	 them.	 Is	 everyone	 in	 agreement?”
Harry	looked	around	the	room,	waiting	for	opposition.	He	wasn’t	surprised	to	hear	it	from
Charles,	but	he	was	equally	stunned	at	Allison’s	reaction.
“Don’t	we	need	to	know	more	about	…	your	friends	before	we	agree?”	Charles	asked.
“No!”	The	single	word	shot	out	of	Allison	Bannon’s	mouth	like	a	gunshot.
“Just	do	it,	Harry!”	Jack	said.	Cyrus	barked	his	approval.
Harry	shrugged	when	the	room	turned	silent.	He	fished	around	in	the	many	pockets	of
his	cargo	pants	until	he	found	a	funny-looking	phone	that	he	used	for	his	business.	It	took
him	a	minute	to	locate	the	number	he	wanted.	All	eyes	were	on	him	as	they	watched	Harry
dial	a	series	of	numbers	after	which	he	looked	up	at	the	different	clocks	on	the	wall	that
told	the	time	all	over	the	world.	“There’s	a	thirteen-hour	time	difference	between	here	and
Taiwan.	It’s	not	that	late	in	Taiwan,	and	Ky	is	a	night	owl,	so	he	should	still	be	awake.”
The	wait	for	Harry’s	call	to	be	answered	seemed	to	take	forever.	Harry	spoke	in	English
for	the	benefit	of	those	in	the	room	to	show	he’d	made	contact.
“Hello,	brother.	It’s	me,	Harry.	I	need	to	talk	to	you.”	He	waved	his	arm	so	the	others
would	know	he	had	a	handle	on	what	he	was	to	do	and	say.	He	switched	immediately	to
Chinese	and	talked	a	blue	streak	before	he	gave	up	the	floor	to	hear	a	response.	The	others
waited,	 hardly	 daring	 to	 breathe.	 Harry	 let	 loose	 with	 another	 long	 string	 of	 rapid-fire
Chinese,	 then	 waited.	 And	 finally,	 he	 turned	 to	 the	 team	 and	 said,	 “He	 wants	 to	 know
what’s	in	it	for	him.”
“A	million	dollars	each	if	we’re	successful,”	Allison	said.	“Get	his	banking	information,
and	I’ll	pass	it	on	to	Lizzie.”

More	rapid-fire	Chinese	on	both	ends	of	the	phone.
Harry	turned	to	the	team.	“He	says	it	isn’t	safe	for	the	three	of	them	to	fly	commercial.
He’s	certain	he	can	talk	Ling	and	Momo	into	helping,	but	we	need	to	get	them	here	safely.
The	million	bucks	each	helped.	A	lot.”
“Tell	 him	 to	 rent	 a	 jet	 and	 a	 pilot.	 Lizzie	 will	 take	 care	 of	 the	 financial	 end.	 Or	 have
them	just	buy	a	damn	plane,”	Allison	said.	“Lizzie	can	take	care	of	that,	too.	Give	him	her
number.”
Harry	relayed	the	information	and	waited.	“He	wants	to	know	how	long	their	services
will	be	required.”
“Ten	days,	to	be	safe,”	Jack	said.
Once	 again	 Harry	 relayed	 the	 information.	 He	 listened,	 a	 frown	 building	 between	 his
brows.	He	turned	again	to	the	team	and	said,	“Okay,	but	here’s	the	tiebreaker.	He	wants	to
go	to	Disney	World	while	he’s	here.”
“Done!”	Allison	all	but	screamed.	“I’ll	take	him	myself!”
Harry	flicked	his	phone	off	and	started	to	laugh.	Harry	hardly	ever	laughed,	and	when
he	did,	no	one	was	sure	how	to	react.	“We	have	a	deal!	He’s	going	to	call	Ling	and	Momo.
He’ll	call	me	back.	He	likes	the	idea	of	buying	a	plane	and	wants	assurance	it’s	his	when
this	is	all	over.	I	said	okay	to	that.
“He	 thinks	 he	 can	 get	 back	 to	 me	 in	 about	 three	 hours,”	 Harry	 said.	 “Buying	 a	 plane
isn’t	an	easy	thing,	he	said.	I	gave	him	Lizzie’s	number,	but,	Allison,	you	might	want	to
call	her	and	give	her	a	heads-up	so	things	don’t	get	mired	down	in	bank	transactions.	Be
sure	to	tell	her	the	plane’s	registration	is	to	go	in	the	name	of	Ky	Moon.	Ky	will	tell	her
anything	else	she	needs	to	know	when	he	calls.”
Allison	 was	 busy	 punching	 in	 the	 number	 on	 one	 of	 her	 burner	 phones.	 The	 others
moved	off	to	give	her	privacy.
“That	all	went	pretty	well,	Harry,”	Jack	said,	slapping	Harry	on	the	back.	“How	long	do
you	think	it	will	take	for	a	plane	sale	to	go	through	in	Taiwan?	You	up	on	stuff	like	that?”
“Show	 me	 the	 money,	 and	 it’s	 instantaneous.	 If	 your	 next	 question	 is	 when	 can	 we
expect	them	to	set	foot	on	American	soil,	I’d	estimate	the	day	after	tomorrow,	then	again,
maybe	two.	Time	for	Maggie	to	run	a	few	more	articles	in	the	paper,	time	for	the	Karas
brothers	to	sweat	a	little	more,	and	time	for	Allison	to	tell	us	all	the	things	she	left	out	in
her	first	run-through.”
“Then	I	guess	that	has	to	work	for	us.	Now	what?”	Charles	asked.
“Now	we	have	to	find	a	way	to	get	that	army	and	the	Karas	brothers	to	a	spot	where	we
can	take	them	out.	Someplace	safe,	away	from	the	public.	We	know	for	certain	there	will
be	firepower	on	their	side.	We	don’t	want	any	innocents	hurt,”	Jack	said.
“You	can	all	come	back	to	the	table	now,”	Allison	said	as	she	slipped	the	cell	phone	into
her	pocket.	“Lizzie	is	on	it.	She	said	to	say	hello	to	all	of	you.	So,	hello	from	Lizzie	Fox.”
The	team	took	their	seats	at	the	table	and	looked	around	at	one	another.	Ted	spoke	first.
“Think	now,	and	tell	us	everything	you	know	about	the	Karas	brothers,	even	if	you	think

it’s	not	important.	Little	things	you	picked	up	during	your	years	of	surveillance	on	the	two.
You	 hit	 the	 highlights.	 Now	 we	 need	 the	 nitty-gritty,	 the	 stuff	 no	 one	 else	 thinks	 about.
The	kind	of	things	that	make	a	case	in	the	end.”
Allison	sighed.	“They’re	weird.	That’s	for	starters.	They	come	to	a	location	prior	to	a
handoff.	It’s	like	they	arrive	a	week	ahead	to	check	things	out.	They	go	out	and	about	like
they’re	searching	to	get	the	beat	and	the	rhythm	of	the	location.	Is	it	a	comfortable	fit	or	is
it	a	trouble	spot?	That’s	the	best	way	I	can	explain	it.
“They	 never	 lack	 invitations	 anywhere	 they	 go.	 They	 donate	 handsomely	 to	 whatever
cause	 is	 being	 presented.	 They	 do	 dinner	 dates,	 but	 as	 far	 as	 I	 know,	 those	 two	 are
eunuchs.	There	has	never,	in	all	the	years	of	my	tracking	them,	been	any	kind	of	romantic
entanglement.	No	sleepovers.	No	second	or	third	dates.	Eunuchs.
“There	is	one	thing	that	had	us	all	hopping	about.	No	matter	where	they	ended	up,	the
first	 thing	 they	 did	 was	 to	 get	 a	 manicure,	 a	 pedicure,	 and	 a	 facial.	 Always.	 They	 went
together.	We	were	never	able	to	figure	out	if	they	had	made	appointments	beforehand	or	if
they	just	picked	a	place	at	random.	We	finally	came	to	the	conclusion	that	the	salons	were
the	same	as	the	funeral	homes.	And	still	we	couldn’t	nail	the	bastards.”
Fergus	 was	 excited.	 “See,	 that’s	 what	 we	 mean—you	 never	 mentioned	 the	 salons
before.	 That’s	 important,	 and	 it	 makes	 sense.	 Annie	 told	 me,	 and	 so	 did	 Myra,	 that	 the
turnover	 at	 those	 places	 is	 like	 a	 revolving	 door.	 You	 never	 get	 the	 same	 operator	 twice
unless	you	just	happen	to	get	the	owner	or	the	person	in	charge.	She	even	mentioned	to	me
a	 while	 back	 that	 she	 thought	 the	 owners	 were	 smuggling	 people,	 young	 women	 hardly
old	 enough	 to	 work.	 And	 she	 said	 the	 licenses	 hanging	 on	 the	 wall	 never	 matched	 the
people	working	there.”
“Just	 another	 avenue	 in	 the	 slave	 trade.	 I’m	 going	 to	 call	 Pearl	 Barnes	 to	 see	 if	 she’s
heard	 anything.	 Running	 her	 underground	 railroad,	 she	 is	 certainly	 in	 a	 position	 to	 hear
and	maybe	even	come	across	someone	lucky	enough	to	have	gotten	away	to	find	her	way
to	her.	It’s	worth	trying,”	Maggie	said.
The	others	agreed,	and	Maggie	picked	up	her	phone	and	made	the	call.
“I’m	going	back	to	the	farm	to	see	if	I	can	find	Annie’s	invitation	box.	She	had	a	bunch
of	 invitations	 made	 up	 especially	 for	 her.	 Pricey	 little	 devils,	 too.	 You	 can	 take	 the
invitation	and	put	it	in	the	printer	and	type	in	the	dates	and	times	on	the	computer.	Looks
as	real	as	if	a	print	shop	made	them	by	hand,	one	by	one.	And	they’re	lined	with	satin.	A
hundred	bucks	a	pop!”	Fergus	said.	“When	you	see	me	next,	I	will	have	the	invitations	in
hand.”	A	moment	later,	he	was	gone.
Maggie	ended	her	call.	“Pearl	said	she’s	heard	for	years	that	the	nail	salons	were	used
for	 trafficking	 but	 she	 couldn’t	 and	 wouldn’t	 get	 involved	 because	 the	 people	 who	 ran
them	were	gangsters,	and	she	wanted	no	part	of	that.	And,	she	doesn’t	know	anyone	who
can	help	us.	She	practically	told	me	to	buzz	off.	Now,	if	it	was	Kathryn	who	called	her,
she	 would	 have	 spilled	 her	 guts,	 assuming	 she	 had	 something	 to	 spill.	 She	 and	 Kathryn
hate	each	other,	as	we	all	know.”
“So,	that’s	just	another	dead	end,”	Charles	said.	Maggie’s	head	bobbed	up	and	down.
“Anything	else,	Allison?”	Jack	asked.

“No,	that’s	it.	If	I	think	of	anything,	you’ll	be	the	first	to	know.”
Charles	looked	at	his	watch.	“The	children	should	be	waking	up	about	now.	You	might
want	to	find	your	way	upstairs,	so	you	are	the	first	thing	they	see	when	they	wake	up.”
Allison’s	face	lit	up	like	a	thousand	lightbulbs.	“Would	you	be	kind	enough	to	allow	me
to	use	your	kitchen	to	make	my	children	breakfast?”
“Of	course.”
Allison	 sprinted	 toward	 the	 stairs	 like	 a	 gazelle.	 She	 was	 almost	 to	 the	 back	 staircase
when	she	turned	around	and	came	back.	“I	just	remembered	something	else.	It	happened
in	Singapore,	maybe	five	years	ago,	possibly	four.	We	were	tracking	the	brothers	and,	as
usual,	not	getting	anywhere.	They	checked	into	the	most	expensive	hotel	in	Singapore	but
I	can’t	remember	the	name	offhand.	The	army,	as	we	called	the	Karas	brothers’	staff,	was
loading	 the	 luggage	 onto	 those	 hotel	 dollies.	 There	 were	 six	 of	 them,	 that’s	 how	 much
stuff	 they	 traveled	 with.	 Anyway,	 they	 had	 two	 dollies	 already	 in	 the	 elevator	 and	 were
trying	to	get	a	third	in	when	it	toppled	over.	All	three	were	loaded	with	bankers	boxes.
“The	hotel	staff	rushed	to	help	but	were	waved	off.	But	one	precocious	young	man	saw
what	 spilled	 out	 and	 overheard	 some	 conversation.	 The	 boxes	 were	 loaded	 with	 books,
tapes,	and	CDs.	What	the	young	man	heard	was	the	security	bitching	about	how	Roland
read	incessantly	and	vociferously	while	Ryland	listened	to	classical	music	endlessly.	The
security	 said	 there	 was	 going	 to	 be	 hell	 to	 pay	 if	 they	 didn’t	 get	 everything	 put	 back
exactly	the	way	it	was	because	the	brothers	themselves	packed	the	boxes.	He	said	that’s
the	only	thing	that	mattered	to	either	one	of	them.	Books	and	music.	I	don’t	know	if	that
helps	you	or	not.	It	didn’t	do	anything	for	us.	Make	of	it	what	you	will,	guys	and	gal.”
“I	like	her,”	Charles	said.	“Imagine	that,	books	and	music.”
The	others	agreed.	Even	Cyrus,	who	let	loose	with	two	prolonged	yips.
Jack	 looked	 at	 Harry,	 and	 then	 both	 men	 looked	 at	 Maggie,	 whose	 eyes	 were	 shining
like	stars	in	a	dark	night.
“I	know	where	this	is	going,”	Jack	hissed	to	Harry.
“Yeah,	I	do	too.”

Chapter	Fourteen

Allison	opened	the	door	to	the	bedroom	where	her	children	were	still	sleeping	soundly.
She	slid	out	of	her	shoes	and	tiptoed	over	to	the	bed,	mindful	of	her	children’s	protector,
who	was	lying	at	the	side	of	the	bed.	She	waited	to	see	if	his	tail	would	thump.	It	did	not.
Allison	dropped	to	her	knees	and	peered	at	the	strange	dog	in	the	dim	light.	“I	want	to
thank	you	for	keeping	my	children	safe.	If	it’s	okay	with	you,	I	want	to	climb	into	that	bed
with	them	so	I’m	the	first	thing	they	see	and	feel	when	they	wake	up,”	she	whispered	in
the	dog’s	ear.	Cooper’s	tail	thumped	once.	It’s	okay.
Her	heart	beating	like	a	trip-hammer	in	excitement,	Allison	wormed	her	way	between
Carrie	and	Emily.	Andy	squirmed	and	threw	his	little	arm	out.	Allison	tucked	it	under	her
chin,	loving	the	sweet	smell	of	her	baby	boy.	Tears	welled	in	her	eyes.
Carrie	tried	to	roll	over,	mumbling	something	directed	at	Andy,	then	opened	her	eyes
and	let	out	a	scream.
“Shhhh,	 honey,	 it’s	 me,	 Mom.	 Look,	 Cooper	 is	 okay	 with	 my	 being	 here.	 He	 isn’t
barking.	It’s	okay,	Carrie.	I	just	look	…	different	today.	It’s	me,	Mommy,	honey.”
Allison	stretched	her	free	arm	out	to	turn	on	the	lamp	on	the	night	table.	The	room	was
suddenly	 bathed	 in	 a	 warm	 yellow	 glow.	 Emily	 stirred	 and	 mumbled	 something	 that
sounded	like,	What	is	your	problem?
“It’s	 Mommy,	 dummy.	 Can’t	 you	 see	 her?	 Wake	 up!	 Mommy’s	 home!”	 Andy	 was
upright	on	his	knees	in	a	heartbeat	as	he	threw	his	little	arms	around	his	mother’s	neck.	He
started	to	kiss	her	as	he	cried	out	his	happiness.	And	then	they	were	all	crying,	Allison,	her
daughters,	and	her	son.
“You	look	different,	Mommy,”	Emily	said.	“Are	you	in	disguise?”
“Yes,	but	just	for	a	little	while.	Then	I	will	go	back	to	looking	like	you	remember	me
unless	you	want	me	to	stay	looking	like	this.”	Allison	giggled.	“You	guys	have	more	hair
than	I	do.	How	funny	is	that?”
Still	hanging	on	to	Allison	for	dear	life,	Andy	asked	her	if	she	was	staying	or	was	she
going	to	leave	again.	“Where’s	Daddy?”
Ah,	the	question	she	knew	was	coming	and	dreaded.	“I’m	going	to	stay	this	time.	I	quit
my	job.	I	decided	being	a	mom	is	more	important	than	a	job.	But,	I	have	to	finish	up	what
I’m	working	on	before	I	can	officially	do	that.	All	these	nice	people	who	live	here	who
have	been	taking	care	of	you	are	going	to	help	me.	And	we	can’t	forget	Cooper.	Then	we
can	leave	and	be	a	real	family	again.”
“Where’s	Daddy?”	Andy	persisted.
“I’m	not	sure	exactly	where	he	is	right	now.	But	he	will	not	be	coming	with	us	when	we
leave	here.”
“Is	 that	 because	 kids	 need	 a	 mother	 more	 than	 they	 need	 a	 father?”	 Carrie	 asked
curiously	as	she	hugged	her	mother	so	tight	Allison	squealed	in	pretended	pain.

Allison	 propped	 herself	 up	 on	 one	 elbow,	 trying	 not	 to	 feel	 the	 pain	 of	 Andy’s
strangling	weight	on	her	other	side.	“That’s	not	true	in	most	cases.	Ideally,	children	need
both	 a	 mother	 and	 a	 father,	 but	 sometimes	 that	 just	 doesn’t	 work.	 This	 time,	 for	 us	 it
doesn’t	work.	I	hope	you	understand.”
“Will	you	stay	home	with	us?	Will	you	always	be	there?”	Emily	asked	hopefully.
“I	promise	you	all	that	I	will	always	be	there	for	you.	We’re	going	to	live	in	a	real	house
that	belongs	to	us.	We’re	going	to	plant	flowers	and	a	garden	with	vegetables.	I’m	going	to
buy	a	minivan	like	all	the	other	mothers	have	so	I	can	drive	you	to	a	real	school	where	you
can	 make	 friends	 and	 go	 to	 birthday	 parties	 and	 field	 trips	 with	 your	 teachers.	 A	 real
school.	 We’re	 going	 to	 get	 a	 dog,	 a	 kitten,	 a	 bird,	 and	 some	 hamsters	 and	 maybe	 some
goldfish.	We’ll	give	them	all	names	so	they’ll	be	our	friends	until	we	make	new	human
ones.	We’ll	go	to	church	on	Sunday,	and	when	the	town	has	a	parade,	we’ll	go	and	wave
our	flags.	We’re	going	to	put	down	roots.”
“Will	leaves	and	flowers	grow	out	of	our	heads?”	Andy	asked	in	alarm.
Andy’s	siblings	didn’t	laugh	simply	because	they	wondered	the	same	thing.
“No,	 that	 won’t	 happen.	 Putting	 down	 roots	 means	 we	 are	 going	 to	 move	 someplace
that	we	will	never	have	to	leave.	We’ll	live	there	forever.”
“Will	you	bake	cookies,	help	us	with	our	homework?”	Emily	asked.
“Yes,	I	will	make	you	the	best	gingerbread	cookies	you	ever	had.	And,	yes,	I	will	help
you	with	your	homework.	Yes,	I	will	make	sure	you	learn	to	play	soccer,	the	piano,	and
tennis.	I	will	go	to	all	your	games	and	cheer	for	you.	I’m	going	to	be	a	real	mom	from	this
day	 forward.	 You	 will	 never	 have	 to	 tell	 fibs	 to	 cover	 for	 me.	 You	 will	 never	 have	 to
wonder	where	I	am	or	when	I’m	coming	home	because	I	will	always	be	there.”
“Will	you	help	us	decorate	a	Christmas	tree?”	Carrie	asked.
Allison	laughed.	“I	will	do	better	than	that.	We’ll	go	to	a	Christmas	tree	farm,	pick	a
tree,	and	watch	while	the	people	cut	it	down	for	us	and	put	it	on	top	of	our	car.	I	think	the
four	of	us	are	strong	enough	to	get	the	tree	in	the	house	and	set	it	all	up.”
Emily	got	up	on	her	knees	and	punched	her	sister	Carrie	in	the	stomach.	“See!	See!”	she
screeched.	 “Dreams	 come	 true.	 Wishes	 come	 true.	 You	 lied	 to	 me,	 Carrie,	 you	 said	 that
would	never	happen!”
Carrie	started	to	wail.	Cooper	sprang	into	action.	Somehow,	he	managed	to	get	up	on
the	bed	and	between	everyone.	His	tail	swished	furiously	as	he	yipped	four	times.
Cool	your	jets,	kids.	The	wailing	and	crying	stopped.
“I	wanted	to	believe	what	Emily	said,	Mommy.	I	even	prayed	the	way	you	taught	us	to
pray.	I	only	thought	like	that	on	the	days	I	was	sad.	When	I	wasn’t	sad,	I	didn’t	think	like
that.”
“It’s	okay,	Carrie.	Some	days	I	thought	it	would	never	happen,	too,	but	guess	what,	here
I	am!”	Allison	said,	throwing	her	arms	out	wide.	“And	I	will	never	leave	you	again.
“Okay,	 it’s	 time	 to	 get	 up	 and	 dressed.	 Wash	 your	 faces,	 brush	 your	 teeth,	 and	 come
downstairs	when	you’re	ready.	I’m	going	to	make	breakfast	for	you.”

“Like	you	used	to	on	Sunday?”
“Yep!”
“Pancakes!”	the	three	children	shouted	all	together.	“With	lots	of	bacon	and	chocolate
milk!”
“You	got	it!	Scoot	now.	I’ll	be	waiting	for	you	downstairs.”
When	Allison	set	foot	in	the	kitchen,	the	only	person	she	saw	was	Margie	Chambers,
who	introduced	herself.	“Everything	is	ready.	All	you	have	to	do	is	cook	it.	The	others	are
downstairs.	They	said	when	you’re	finished	to	go	down.	I’ll	take	the	kids	out	to	the	barn
and	keep	them	busy	so	you	can	do	what	you	have	to	do.”
“Does	that	mean	you’re	…”
“One	of	them?	In	a	manner	of	speaking.	I	work	for	Mr.	Snowden,	but	yes,	we’re	all	in
the	same	…	um,	business.	I’ll	be	in	the	family	room,	that’s	off	to	the	right	of	the	kitchen.	I
need	to	catch	up	on	what’s	going	on	in	the	world	so	far	today.”
Allison	nodded	as	she	started	to	mix	pancake	batter.	“I	don’t	know	how	to	thank	you.”
“The	kids	are	great.	They’re	whip	smart,	even	Andy.	He	gave	me	a	run	for	my	money
the	first	day.	You	might	want	to	compliment	him	on	how	well	he’s	using	a	spoon	and	fork.
We	need	some	more	time	on	the	fork,	but	he’s	working	at	it.”
“I’ll	be	sure	to	do	that.”
*	*	*
Later,	Allison	confessed	to	Maggie	that	it	was	the	most	wonderful	hour	and	a	half	she’d
ever	spent	with	her	children,	especially	the	part	where	Andy	couldn’t	understand	why	he
couldn’t	 scoop	 up	 the	 syrup	 with	 a	 fork.	 “I	 almost	 missed	 that,	 Maggie,”	 she	 said	 in	 a
choked	voice.	“That	will	become	one	of	my	fondest	memories.	Thanks	to	all	of	you.”
Charles	whistled	to	gain	their	attention,	and	the	moment	was	gone.
“We	have	work	to	do,	people.	Ferg,	you’re	up!	But	first,	I	have	something	to	say.	Today
is	going	to	be	planning	and	details.	All	pretty	much	done	here.	Allison	will	stay	with	us,
and	Margie	will	take	care	of	the	children.	We’re	good	there.	Tomorrow,	we’ll	activate	and
put	 into	 action	 whatever	 we	 come	 up	 with	 today.	 We	 might	 even	 get	 some	 free	 time	 at
some	point.	I	have	a	huge	turkey	with	all	the	trimmings	ready	to	go	into	the	oven	since
there	are	so	many	of	us	here	today.	And	it’s	a	way	to	say	thanks.	Corny	as	that	may	sound,
I	happen	to	like	it.”
“Hear,	hear!”	Jack	said	happily.	He	was	more	than	ready	for	one	of	Charles’s	what	he
called	soup-to-nuts	wonderful	meals.
“You	have	the	floor,	Ferg,”	Charles	said.
Fergus	 stood	 up,	 opened	 a	 large	 manila	 envelope,	 and	 withdrew	 a	 one-of-a-kind,
gorgeous	invitation	lined	in	champagne-colored	satin.	“I	know	how	to	do	the	date	and	the
time	 on	 the	 computer,	 so	 it	 will	 look	 like	 it	 was	 all	 done	 in	 some	 top-of-the-line	 print
shop.”
Maggie	 and	 Allison	 were	 the	 only	 ones	 who	 oohed	 and	 aahed	 over	 the	 exquisite

invitation.	“Even	the	lining	of	the	envelope	is	satin,”	Maggie	said	as	she	touched	the	soft
envelope.	 The	 boys	 looked	 on,	 befuddled	 expressions	 on	 their	 faces.	 Maggie	 shrugged,
guessing	it	was	a	girly	thing	guys	simply	weren’t	into.
“And	 this	 is	 Annie’s	 stationery,”	 Fergus	 said,	 holding	 up	 a	 quilted	 box	 that	 held
engraved	notepaper	and	envelopes.	Again,	only	Maggie	and	Allison	oohed	and	aahed	over
the	 engraved	 notepads.	 “Take	 note	 of	 the	 tiara	 on	 top	 and	 the	 crushed	 sparklers	 in	 the
crown.”	The	gang	took	note	as	Fergus	requested,	but	there	were	no	further	comments.
“So,	what’s	the	plan?”	Ted	asked.
“That’s	 why	 we’re	 here,	 to	 come	 up	 with	 a	 plan,”	 Charles	 said.	 “Who	 wants	 to	 go
first?”	No	one	wanted	to	go	first.	Cyrus	let	loose	with	a	yip	that	meant	nothing.
“I	think	we	all	agreed	yesterday	that	we	have	to	somehow	get	the	Karas	brothers	out	of
the	hotel	to	some	neutral	spot	so	no	harm	comes	to	anyone.	It	has	to	be	somewhere	that	his
army	is	comfortable	with.	Having	said	that,	I	was	thinking,	and	it’s	just	a	thought,	Annie’s
farmhouse.	 She	 has	 fifteen	 acres	 that	 back	 up	 to	 this	 farm.	 So,	 in	 essence,	 we’re	 saying
that	 adding	 our	 fifty	 acres	 to	 her	 fifteen	 brings	 the	 total	 to	 sixty-five	 acres	 with	 no
busybodies	to	interfere	or	call	the	authorities.	If	you	factor	in	mine	and	Nik’s	eleven	acres,
we’re	talking	seventy-six	acres	altogether.	No	other	neighbors.	We	could	do	a	repeat	of	a
shoot-out	at	the	O.K.	Corral,	and	no	one	would	know	or	hear.	Or	care.”
“So,	we’re	talking	about	a	personal,	intimate	luncheon.	Let	me	see	if	I	have	this	right,”
Maggie	 said.	 “First,	 I	 have	 to	 make	 sure	 we	 publish	 a	 picture	 of	 the	 actual	 invitation	 in
tomorrow’s	edition.	Along	with	a	list	of	those	invited	with	let’s	say	three	to	maybe	five
open	invitations.	Last-minute	invitees,	so	to	speak.	The	Karas	brothers	are	not	on	the	print
list.	 But	 the	 three	 or	 five	 or	 whatever	 number	 we	 decided	 who	 are	 on	 the	 open	 list	 still
have	a	chance.	Do	I	mention	the	private,	personal,	intimate	luncheons	for	that	list?	Do	I
have	all	of	this	right,	and	do	you	all	agree	with	me?”
“That	works	for	me,”	Ted	and	Dennis	said	in	unison.	Espinosa’s	head	bobbed	up	and
down.	The	rest	of	the	team	was	okay	with	it,	too,	even	Allison.
“Okay	 then,	 here	 is	 the	 list.	 It’s	 chock-full	 of	 politicians,	 star	 power,	 some	 media,
dignitaries,	 and	 a	 few	 members	 of	 royalty	 who	 are	 virtually	 certain	 to	 decline.	 But	 it	 is
Annie,	so	you	never	know.	Personally	speaking,	I	hate	elitist	lists	like	this	one.	Oh,	one
other	thing,	there	will	be	three	special	guests	of	honor.”
“Who?”	everyone	chorused	at	the	same	time.
Before	 Maggie	 could	 open	 her	 mouth	 to	 respond,	 Allison	 Bannon	 said,	 “Three
survivors!”
“How	did	you	know	that?”	Maggie	asked	in	awe.
“Because	it’s	the	only	thing	that	makes	sense,	and	it’s	how	I’d	run	it	if	I	were	in	your
place.	How	old	are	the	survivors?”
“All	are	over	eighteen.	One	just	turned	eighteen.	Two	are	about	to	turn	nineteen.	They
were	 taken	 when	 they	 were	 ten	 years	 old.	 They	 have	 been	 in	 intensive	 therapy,	 and	 all
three	have	made	remarkable	progress.	It’s	a	given	that	their	lives	will	never	be	the	same,
and	 their	 therapy	 will	 be	 ongoing.	 Fortunately	 for	 them,	 they	 have	 an	 excellent	 support

system	in	family	and	friends.	I	was	stunned	when	I	was	told	they	agreed	to	attend.	And,
no,	I	cannot	divulge	my	source,	but	the	source	came	to	me	with	the	idea	once	they	saw	the
article	 in	 the	 paper.	 At	 first	 I	 was	 reluctant,	 but	 the	 more	 I	 thought	 about	 it,	 the	 more	 I
could	see	where	maybe	it	would	help	the	girls.	Wouldn’t	it	be	great	if	they	could	actually
stare	down	those	bastards!
“Wait!	 Wait!	 It	 would	 be	 great	 if	 that	 were	 to	 happen	 and	 they	 were	 surrounded	 by
Harry’s	Triad	friends.”
Every	fist	in	the	room	shot	high	in	the	air.
“I’d	give	my	last	dollar	to	see	that,”	Dennis	said.
“Me	too,	and	I’ll	even	throw	in	my	beachfront	properties.”	Abner	thought	about	what
he’d	just	said	for	a	second,	then	corrected	his	statement.	“At	least	one	property!”
“Are	you	going	to	mention	the	girls’	names?”	Charles	asked.
“Only	if	they	want	me	to.	They’re	used	to	the	notoriety	and	handled	it	pretty	well	when
the	news	of	their	escape	years	ago	first	became	public.	In	the	end,	it’s	up	to	them.	If	you
are	asking	for	my	opinion	then	it’s	yes,	they	are	not	going	to	shrink	or	hide.	They’ll	want
to	 be	 right	 up	 front	 with	 their	 stories.	 It’s	 how	 they’re	 recovering,	 getting	 it	 out	 there,
talking	about	it.	I	will	say	this,	those	young	women	are	survivors.
“There	is	one	more	thing.	My	source	came	to	me	by	way	of	Pearl	Barnes.	So	we	owe
her	 a	 bit	 of	 thanks	 here	 for	 that.	 When	 it	 comes	 to	 Pearl,	 we	 all	 have	 to	 understand	 she
would	give	up	her	life	to	protect	the	people	of	her	underground	railroad.	Her	…	whatever
you	want	to	call	it	with	Kathryn	is	personal,	between	the	two	of	them.”
“Now	what?”	Allison	asked.
Charles	looked	at	Harry,	who	was	half	asleep	in	his	chair.	“Harry,	can	you	give	us	an
update	on	your	Triad	friends?	What’s	happening	across	the	world?”
“So	 far	 nothing.	 I	 should	 be	 hearing	 from	 Ky	 in	 the	 next	 half	 hour	 or	 so.	 Is	 there
something	else	you	want	me	to	do?	If	not,	I’m	going	to	take	a	nap.”
The	team	talked	it	up,	and	there	was	nothing	else	that	needed	to	be	done.
“I	 did	 say	 there	 would	 be	 free	 time.	 Ferg	 and	 I	 will	 be	 cooking	 for	 our	 feast	 this
afternoon.	The	rest	of	you	can	do	whatever	you	want.	Allison,	I	imagine	you	will	want	to
go	out	to	the	barn	to	be	with	your	children.	Jack,	that	leaves	you,”	Charles	said.
“Cyrus	and	I	will	head	back	to	the	house.	I	need	to	check	my	roof	and	the	downspouts
with	all	the	rain	we’ve	had	the	past	few	days.	What	time	is	dinner?”
“Six	o’clock,	and	don’t	be	late,”	Fergus	said.
Within	seconds,	the	room	emptied	out.
“It’s	just	you	and	me,	Ferg.	What’s	your	feeling	on	all	of	this?	You	getting	any	vibes	of
any	kind?”
“Not	the	kind	I	want	to	talk	about,	mate.	This	whole	thing	is	a	conundrum	wrapped	up
in	an	enigma.”

“Avery	is	on	his	way	over	to	the	Sofitel	to	check	things	out.	He’s	going	to	make	one
stop	along	the	way	to	pick	up	a	few	of	his	operatives.	He	said	he’d	check	in	a	bit	later.
With	 nothing	 else	 on	 our	 plates,	 no	 pun	 intended,	 I	 say	 we	 get	 on	 with	 our	 cooking.
What’s	your	thinking	on	homemade	biscuits	versus	a	dinner	roll?”
“Biscuits.	Fresh	string	beans	or	peas?”
“Peas,	 of	 course.	 Are	 you	 listening	 to	 the	 two	 of	 us?	 We’re	 cooking	 or	 talking	 about
cooking,	and	our	chicks	are	out	there	doing	all	the	work.	What’s	wrong	with	this	picture,
Ferg?”
“We’re	just	not	used	to	all	this	waiting	time.	A	mission	in	the	past	ran	like	clockwork;
we	 worked	 by	 minutes	 and	 seconds.	 Here	 we’re	 working	 in	 hours	 and	 days.	 Too	 much
time	in	between.	Wasted	time.	The	other	thing	is	we	always	had	background.	The	Karas
brothers	appeared	on	the	scene	one	day,	as	one	of	your	chicks	said,	hatched	from	an	egg.
We	can	only	work	with	the	information	that	we	have.”
Charles	lifted	the	heavy	twenty-three-pound	turkey,	slid	it	into	the	oversize	oven,	then
set	the	timer.
“Our	mistake	was	not	going	after	whoever	it	is	who	put	the	Karas	brothers	in	business
in	the	first	place.	That’s	who	we	want.	We	don’t	even	have	a	clue	as	to	who	that	might	be.
Shame	on	us,	Ferg.”
“I	 hate	 shelling	 peas.	 I’d	 rather	 snap	 green	 beans.	 It	 has	 to	 be	 some	 cartel.	 My	 guess
would	be	El	Salvador.	We	need	to	locate	the	hydra	and	kill	it.”
“Chop	off	one	head	and	another	one	grows,”	Charles	muttered.
“Then	we	torch	it.”
“First	we	have	to	find	it.	We	have	plenty	of	time	to	kill	today,	so	let’s	go	down	to	the
war	room	and	make	war.	I’ll	call	all	the	people	I	know	from	our	days	in	service,	and	you
call	 yours.	 Something	 is	 bound	 to	 come	 up.	 For	 all	 we	 know,	 it	 did,	 and	 we	 missed	 it
because	we	were	concentrating	on	the	Karas	brothers.”
Fergus	washed	his	hands	as	Charles	handed	out	treats	to	the	dogs,	accompanied	by	his
usual	warning:	“Watch	the	house,	Lady.”	The	golden	retriever	took	up	her	position	in	front
of	the	door,	her	pups	at	her	side.	Pinewood	was	safe	now.
On	the	way	down	the	moss-covered	stone	steps,	Fergus	asked	Charles	if	he	thought	a
trip	to	El	Salvador	was	on	the	horizon.	Or	some	other	godforsaken	country.
“Not	by	either	you	or	me,	but	possibly	by	Avery	and	his	people	if	we	manage	to	turn
something	up.	There	was	a	name,	Ferg,	that	I	heard	a	while	back.	Maybe	a	year	or	so	ago
in	regard	to	drug	cartels.	It	was	a	kind	of	…	I	know	this	sounds	silly,	but	a	singsong	kind
of	name.	Do	you	remember	anything	like	that?	The	man	supposedly	is	the	head	or	was	the
head	of	something,	and	billions,	that’s	with	a	b,	go	through	his	hands	yearly.”
“You	think	he’s	the	hydra?”
“Right	now	it’s	all	I	can	think	of.	The	feds	seem	to	be	on	top	of	all	the	other	cartels	and
watch	them	for	a	misstep.	I	never	heard	anything	about	that	particular	name	again.	I	forgot
all	about	it	until	just	now.”

“Well,	mate,	maybe	you	need	to	go	over	there	and	sit	down	in	Myra’s	chair,	close	your
eyes,	and	think	about	it.”
“You’re	 a	 mind	 reader	 now,	 too?	 I	 was	 just	 thinking	 the	 same	 thing.	 If	 it	 looks	 like	 I
have	fallen	asleep,	wake	me	up.”
“Righto,	mate.”
One	hour	and	thirteen	minutes	later,	Charles	Martin	bounded	out	of	Myra’s	chair	like
he’d	been	shot	from	a	cannon.	“I’ve	got	it,	Ferg.	I’ve	got	it!	Beteo	Mezaluma!	His	people
call	him	Beets.	That’s	all	I	know,	though,	and	I	don’t	know	if	he	hails	from	El	Salvador	or
some	other	country.	See	what	you	can	find	out	and	check	him	out	while	I	call	Avery.”
There	was	no	sound	in	the	war	room	except	for	the	clicking	of	computer	keys	and	soft,
murmured	questions	for	over	two	hours	when	Charles	called	for	a	coffee	break	and	said	he
wanted	to	check	the	turkey.
Fergus	made	the	coffee	as	he	talked.	“Afghanistan	is	the	biggest	opium	producer	in	the
world.	They	belong	to	the	Golden	Crescent.	Burma	is	next.	Some	guy	named	Khun	Sa,	the
leader,	was	called	the	Opium	King.	Some	of	the	product	comes	from	Vietnam,	Laos,	and
Thailand.	Three-quarters	of	the	world’s	heroin	supply	comes	from	there.	Khun	Sa	died	in
2007,	so	now	a	bunch	of	other	guys	run	the	empire.
“Next	 is	 Mexico.	 Joaquín	 Guzmán,	 also	 called	 Shorty,	 actually	 made	 it	 to	 the	 Forbes
list	as	one	of	the	richest	men	in	the	world.	We	all	know	what	happened	to	him.	This	is	all
part	of	the	Sinaloa,	Juarez,	Medellin,	and	Cali	Tijuana	Gulf	cartels.
“Then	 comes	 Colombia,	 where	 the	 Medellin	 Cali	 cartel	 operates,	 followed	 by	 Peru,
which	 is	 the	 biggest	 producer	 of	 cocaine	 in	 the	 world.	 Last	 on	 my	 list	 is	 Bolivia,	 but	 I
ruled	them	out.	So	take	your	pick.	Where	do	we	start?”
“Let	me	share	all	this	with	Avery	and	see	what	he	says.	Pour	me	a	cup,	will	you,	Ferg.”
Charles	hung	up	the	phone	with	a	strange	expression	on	his	face.	“Avery	recognized	the
name.	Can	you	believe	that?	He	thinks—he’s	not	sure—but	he	thinks	Beteo	was	with	the
Peruvian	 cartel	 but	 relocated	 to	 Mexico	 when	 Shorty	 was	 captured.	 He	 has	 some	 of	 his
people	on	the	way	there	already.	And	he	knows	of	a	guy	who	set	up	a	security	consulting
firm	in	San	Diego.	He	used	to	head	up	Special	Forces	when	he	was	in	the	military.	The
kind	 of	 guy	 who	 can	 get	 the	 job	 done	 is	 what	 Avery	 said.	 He’s	 reached	 out	 to	 him	 but
warned	me	that	if	he	agrees	to	help	us,	it	will	cost	some	big	bucks.	From	what	he	said,	this
guy	 Beets	 is	 an	 okay	 guy	 to	 the	 people	 in	 the	 town	 where	 he	 resides.	 He	 takes	 care	 of
them.	 He’s	 their	 patrone.	 He	 walks	 about	 with	 no	 security,	 just	 like	 the	 rest	 of	 the
residents.	Knows	all	the	kids	by	name,	goes	to	christenings	and	weddings.	Plays	kickball
with	 them	 in	 the	 open	 fields.	 Just	 a	 regular	 Joe.	 I’m	 having	 trouble	 wrapping	 my	 head
around	all	of	that,	but	if	that’s	the	story,	then	that’s	the	story.	Avery	thinks	a	snatch	and
grab	would	be	a	piece	of	cake.	Avery	also	said	he	doesn’t	know	if	Beets	has	the	smarts	to
go	 into	 human	 trafficking.	 But	 he	 also	 said	 Beets	 might	 partner	 out	 and	 be	 involved
anonymously.	He	said	anything	is	possible.
“Now,	if	we	could	somehow	find	a	tie	between	him	and	the	Karas	brothers,	that	would
help.	I	think	we	should	wake	Abner	to	see	what	he	can	find	out	about	our	newest	find.	We
need	 to	 know	 if	 Beets	 travels.	 And	 if	 he	 does,	 was	 he	 anywhere	 near	 where	 the	 Karas

brothers	 were	 at	 specific	 times.	 I	 think	 we	 might	 be	 onto	 something,	 Ferg.	 I	 really	 do.
Hold	the	fort	while	I	go	upstairs	to	wake	Abner	up.”
“You’ve	got	it,	mate.”

Chapter	Fifteen

Forty-eight	angst-driven	hours	passed	before	Charles	sent	word	to	the	team	to	meet	at	the
farm.
The	 team	 grumbled	 as	 one,	 with	 Maggie	 and	 Jack	 being	 the	 loudest	 and	 the	 most
outspoken	as	soon	as	they	arrived.	Charles	shut	them	down	with	a	withering	stare.	“Rome
wasn’t	built	in	a	day.	When	you	all	left	here	the	other	day,	I	said	we	needed	to	make	this
airtight.	 Nothing	 has	 changed	 in	 that	 regard,	 but	 now	 we	 have	 concrete	 proof	 of	 certain
things,	 and,	 most	 importantly,	 the	 Karas	 brothers	 are	 still	 registered	 at	 the	 Sofitel.	 How
many	times	do	I	have	to	tell	you,	it’s	all	in	the	planning?
“Avery	 is	 not	 here,	 but	 I	 just	 spoke	 to	 him	 not	 ten	 minutes	 ago.	 He’s	 in	 Chula	 Vista,
California.	As	you	all	know,	in	our	line	of	work	you	meet	people	who	cross	your	path	or
someone	will	introduce	you	to	someone	else	quite	innocently	that	at	the	time	you	have	no
idea	how	pivotal	they	will	be	to	you	later	on	in	life.	That	has	just	happened	with	Avery.
Which	is	a	good	thing	for	us.
“There	is	a	gentleman	in	Chula	Vista,	not	that	far	from	San	Diego,	who	runs	a	security
consulting	placement	service.	He	operates	here	and	overseas.	His	roster	of	employees	are
all	 ex-military,	 like	 himself.	 Sterling,	 honorable	 personnel,	 unlike	 the	 people	 the	 Karas
brothers	surround	themselves	with.	He	himself	is	ex–Special	Forces.	When	he	retired,	he
formed	 the	 company,	 which,	 fortunately	 for	 him,	 took	 off	 like	 a	 rocket.	 He	 places	 his
teams	all	over	the	world.	He’s	got	a	triple-A,	five-star	rating	as	far	as	his	company	goes.
He	charges	incredibly	high	dollar	amounts,	but	Avery	says	he	is	worth	every	penny.	Right
now,	money	is	not	a	problem	for	us.	Or	am	I	wrong	about	that?”
“No,	you’re	right,”	Allison	said	before	anyone	else	could	say	anything.
“Where	is	this	guy	in	Mexico?”	Abner	asked.
“Tijuana.	You	just	walk	across	the	bridge	from	where	Duke	Callahan,	that’s	his	name,
has	his	offices.	When	Beets	is	not	traveling,	he	lives	in	a	small	village	and	blends	in	as	one
of	the	locals.	He’s	mid-	to	late	sixties.	He’s	fit	and	trim,	weathered	to	be	sure.	Strong	like	a
bull,	 Avery	 said,	 because	 that’s	 how	 the	 locals	 describe	 him,	 strong	 like	 a	 bull.	 A	 virile
man,	 to	 be	 sure.	 He’s	 married	 to	 a	 very	 pretty	 young	 woman,	 maybe	 late	 thirties,	 early
forties.	They	have	a	small	daughter.	I’d	say	maybe	seven	or	eight.	There	was	a	picture	of
her,	which	Avery	said	he	found	during	his	research,	making	her	First	Holy	Communion,
which	 tells	 us	 he’s	 Catholic.	 Right	 now,	 we	 are	 waiting	 for	 Avery	 to	 call	 back.	 He’s
meeting	up	with	Mr.	Callahan	to	see	if	a	snatch	and	grab	is	possible.	Be	patient.”
Abner	waved	his	arms	about.	“I’ve	only	been	on	this	ten	minutes,	but	the	guy	is	not	shy
about	hiding	his	money.	I	think	he	owns	the	banks	where	he	keeps	some	of	it.	There	are	so
many	trails,	it’s	going	to	take	me	a	bit	of	time	to	give	you	any	kind	of	total.	That	is	what
you	want	from	me,	right?”
“Yes,”	Charles	said	succinctly.
Abner	went	back	to	what	he	was	doing,	clicking	furiously	at	the	keys	on	his	keyboard.
“So	what	we’re	saying	is	this	Beteo	Mezaluma	is	the	hydra?”	Jack	said.	“And	just	like

that,	 we	 found	 him!	 And	 all	 because	 you	 suddenly	 remembered	 a	 name	 and	 ran	 with	 it.
What	are	the	chances	of	this	actually	panning	out	for	us?”	Jack	asked,	skepticism	ringing
in	his	voice.
“It	happens	that	way	sometimes.	Everything	points	to	Mezaluma.	If	we’re	wrong,	then
we’re	wrong,	and	we	start	looking	again.	Right	now,	it’s	all	we	have.	With	what	Abner	is
digging	 up	 and	 with	 what	 Mr.	 Callahan	 knows,	 everything	 appears	 to	 point	 to	 Mr.
Mezaluma.	 Waiting	 a	 few	 more	 hours	 for	 further	 confirmation	 is	 not	 going	 to	 break	 or
build	our	case.”
“You’re	right,	Charles.	As	usual,”	Jack	said	grudgingly.
Charles	shrugged	and	directed	his	next	question	to	Maggie.	“What	was	the	reaction	to
the	print	list	you	published	yesterday?”
“The	switchboard	crashed.	We	were	down	for	hours.	You	would	not	believe	the	snippy
and	 downright	 rude	 people	 who	 called	 in	 according	 to	 Terry,	 our	 switchboard	 operator.
She	 said	 over	 two	 dozen	 people	 had	 called	 in	 before	 it	 went	 down	 to	 inquire	 what	 they
would	have	to	do	to	qualify	for	the	five	remaining	open	invitations.	As	far	as	I	know,	the
Karas	brothers	did	not	call	unless	they	tried	after	the	switchboard	went	down.”
“Maybe	we’re	barking	up	the	wrong	tree	where	they’re	concerned,”	Dennis	said.	“And,
yes,	Maggie,	I	just	used	a	hated	cliché,	but	it	damn	well	fits.”
“Maybe	they’re	waiting	for	orders	from	the	hydra,”	Ted	volunteered.
“Anything	is	possible,”	Charles	said.
“Maggie,	when	are	you	going	to	deliver	the	handwritten	invitation	to	the	Karas	brothers
for	the	private	luncheon	with	Annie	that	she	won’t	be	attending?”	Harry	asked.
“It’s	ready	to	go.	I	was	just	waiting	for	you	all	to	tell	me	it	was	okay	to	call	a	messenger
service	to	pick	it	up.	Which	means	I	have	to	go	back	into	town.	This	is	just	my	opinion,
but	I	think	once	they	get	the	invitation,	they	won’t	know	what	to	do	so	they	will	have	to
make	 contact	 with	 the	 person	 who	 is	 behind	 all	 this	 to	 see	 if	 they	 should	 or	 should	 not
attend.	They’re	still	at	the	hotel,	so	that	almost	has	to	mean	they’re	waiting	for	something.
If	Avery	is	right,	and	it	is	that	guy	in	Mexico,	what’s	our	game	plan	then?”
“I	can’t	give	you	an	answer	to	that	until	Avery	gets	back	to	me.	Patience,	people.”
Under	his	breath,	Charles	repeated,	over	and	over,	“Come	on,	Avery,	make	this	happen
for	us.”
*	*	*
Avery	Snowden	looked	around	and	was	not	impressed	with	his	surroundings.	He	was
standing	in	front	of	a	plain	glass	door	covered	on	the	inside	with	a	bamboo	blind.	He	rang
the	bell	and	waited.	CALLAHAN	CONSULTING	was	the	name	on	a	small	brass	plaque	that	was
weathered	with	age.	The	building	was	in	a	busy	business	complex	of	two-story	buildings
in	an	area	called	Triangle	Square.	Avery	took	a	moment	to	wonder	how	the	hell	a	triangle
could	be	a	square.	These	Americans	were	so	strange	sometimes.	A	voice	squawked	from
the	intercom	next	to	the	weathered	plate,	“Your	name,	please.”
“Avery	Snowden.	I	have	an	appointment	with	Mr.	Callahan.”

Avery	heard	the	snick	of	the	lock	opening.	He	turned	the	handle	and	walked	into	a	welllit	waiting	room.	It	had	colored	plastic	chairs,	fake	plastic	trees,	dog-eared	magazines.	The
wall	art	was	just	that,	pictures	purchased	at	Target	or	Walmart	for	fifty	bucks	a	pop.	They
were	as	colorful	as	the	plastic	chairs.	The	room	looked	just	like	his	dentist’s	waiting	room.
Except	for	the	crystal	bowl	of	individually	wrapped	peppermint	candies.
“Mr.	Callahan	will	see	you	now,	sir.	Just	follow	me,”	an	elderly	lady	with	bluish	hair
said.	 Being	 the	 astute	 detective	 that	 he	 was,	 Avery	 deduced	 the	 lady	 was	 Callahan’s
mother.	Duke	Callahan’s	office	was	as	shabby	and	barren	as	the	front	office.	Obviously,
this	guy	wasn’t	into	appearances.	Avery	watched	as	Duke	Callahan	got	up	from	behind	an
enormous	 desk	 and	 walked	 around	 to	 greet	 him.	 He	 was	 a	 bear	 of	 a	 man,	 with	 hair
growing	 everywhere	 hair	 could	 grow.	 He	 also	 had	 a	 ponytail	 pulled	 back	 with	 a	 red
bandana.	Six-five	at	least,	and	he	probably	weighed	in	at	about	275	pounds,	give	or	take
ten.	All	solidly	ripped	flesh.	He	was	decked	out	in	jeans	that	needed	to	go	to	Goodwill	and
a	military	olive-colored	T-shirt	that	strained	across	his	chest	and	upper	arms.	He	held	out	a
hand	that	was	bigger	than	a	catcher’s	mitt.	Said	hand,	Avery	thought,	was	attached	to	an
oak-tree	limb.	This	was	one	big	hulking	dude.	The	handshake	was	normal.
“Something	to	drink,	coffee,	tea?”
“No	thanks.”
“All	right	then,	let’s	get	down	to	it.”
“I	need	some	help.	You	come	highly	recommended.”
“That’s	always	nice	to	hear,”	Callahan	said	jovially.	“Talk	to	me.”
When	Avery	finished	his	tale,	a	full	three	minutes	passed	before	Callahan	spoke.	“I’ve
heard	about	Sir	Charles	Martin	in	today’s	time.	I	knew	him	personally	back	in	the	day,	but
his	 name	 wasn’t	 Charles	 Martin	 then.	 Not	 that	 names	 are	 all	 that	 important.	 No,	 let	 me
back	up.	What	I	said	is	not	quite	accurate,	certainly	not	the	whole	story.	I	should	say	that
not	only	did	I	meet	him,	but	that	he	saved	my	life.	He	pulled	me	to	safety,	bandaged	me
up,	told	me	I’d	live	to	fight	another	day	and	not	to	whine	about	it.	He	left	me	lying	where	I
was	for	someone	to	come	and	get	me.	I	heard	later	that	he	went	on	that	same	day	to	save
Prince	Charles’s	life.	It’s	true,	it’s	documented	and	all.	If	you	had	more	time,	I	could	show
you	the	scrapbook.	I’m	in.	But	I	have	to	tell	you,	I	only	have	one	team	of	five	available.
Three	men	and	two	women.	All	superior	in	their	fields.	You	say	you	have	six	men	with
you.	 If	 you	 count	 me	 and	 you,	 that	 makes	 thirteen,	 and	 please	 don’t	 give	 me	 any	 crap
about	thirteen	being	an	unlucky	number.	I	don’t	see	how	we	can	fail.”
“Murphy’s	law,”	Avery	said	sourly.
Callahan	laughed,	a	great,	booming	sound.	“That	law	doesn’t	apply	to	me	or	my	people.
Let’s	 hear	 your	 ideas	 first,	 then	 I’ll	 tell	 you	 mine.	 Remember	 now,	 I	 know	 this	 area.	 I
know	 Mexico	 inside	 and	 out.	 Been	 there	 in	 the	 dead	 of	 night	 more	 times	 than	 I	 care	 to
remember.	Flash	money,	and	you’ll	make	so	many	new	friends,	you	won’t	be	able	to	count
them	all.	But	there	are	other	ways,	too,	and	I	know	them	all.	I	do	have	a	question.	How	the
hell	did	you	guys	manage	to	snag	the	CIA’s	top	rogue	agent?”
Snowden	laughed.	He	was	about	to	give	a	flip	answer	but	thought	better	about	it.	“She
found	us	through	a	few	mutual	friends.	Right	now,	she’s	not	a	rogue	agent,	or	any	kind	of

agent,	 for	 that	 matter.	 She’s	 first	 and	 foremost	 a	 mother	 who	 is	 pissed	 off	 that	 those
scumbags	abducted	her	kids.	Need	I	say	more?”
“Hell	no.	You	see	that	little	lady	out	there	when	you	got	here?	That’s	my	mother.	If	she
even	thought	you	had	evil	thoughts	where	I’m	concerned,	you’d	be	dead	right	now,	and	I
would	be	mopping	up	your	blood.	I	know	all	about	motherhood,”	Callahan	drawled.
“Is	it	worth	my	asking	how	you	got	the	Triad	to	agree	to	help	you?	That	means	they’re
coming	to	you.	My	sources	tell	me	they	don’t	leave	their	home	base.	Like	never.	I	have	a
dossier	on	them	six	inches	thick.”
“Why	 not.	 All	 we	 had	 to	 do	 was	 promise	 them	 a	 mil	 each	 and	 buy	 them	 a	 new
Gulfstream.	Oh,	yeah,	and	a	trip	to	Disney	World.	That	rogue	agent	is	going	to	take	them,
along	with	her	kids.”
“Ya	 know,	 Snowden,	 for	 a	 Brit,	 you’re	 okay.	 That’s	 all	 it	 took,	 eh?”	 Then	 Callahan
laughed	so	hard	the	room	shook.
Snowden	 didn’t	 know	 if	 he	 should	 be	 flattered	 or	 insulted.	 He	 decided	 to	 go	 with
flattered	and	grinned,	something	he	rarely	did.	Americans	could	be	strange,	but	he	liked
Duke	Callahan.	Callahan	was	a	man’s	man.
“What’s	 your	 thinking	 on	 how	 best	 to	 take	 this	 guy?	 Yes,	 yes,	 he’s	 just	 an	 ordinary
peasant	when	he’s	in	town.	That	doesn’t	mean	there	isn’t	security	of	some	kind	that’s	not
visible.	 People	 can	 blend	 in	 easily.	 And	 then	 there’s	 his	 cell	 phone,”	 Snowden	 said,	 his
voice	edged	in	worry.
“Give	 me	 fifteen	 minutes,	 and	 my	 team	 will	 have	 all	 the	 information	 you	 need.	 Hey,
Mom!”	he	bellowed.	“Can	you	come	here	a	minute?”	He	explained	what	he	needed,	and
her	response	brought	another	grin	from	Snowden.
“I’m	on	it!”	the	little	lady	with	the	bluish	hair	said	happily.
Callahan	shrugged.	“She	needs	to	be	needed.	I	get	that.	You	want	the	real	truth?”	Not
bothering	to	wait	for	Snowden	to	respond,	he	said,	“The	truth	is	that	this	place	would	fall
apart	without	her.	I	hate	goddamn	paperwork.	At	any	given	moment,	she	can	lay	her	hands
on	whatever	we	need.	She’s	also	a	whizbang	at	coordinating	all	our	stuff.	She	even	knows
how	to	hack,”	he	said	proudly.
“I	hope	you	pay	her	well,”	Snowden	quipped.
“See!	That’s	another	thing.	She	won’t	take	any	money.	Not	a	red	cent.	She’s	everyone’s
mother	around	here.	That’s	why	I	understand	what	you	mean	about	that	agent	going	rogue.
Motherhood	will	win	out	every	time.”
“If	you	know	about	this	guy,	how	is	it	you’ve	never	taken	him	out?”
“No	one	commissioned	us	to	look	into	it.	And	the	alphabet	agencies	hate	me	and	my
company.	It’s	a	constant	battle	with	them.	What	really	gooses	the	agencies	is	that	I	hired
all	 their	 employees	 when	 they	 left.	 And	 I	 pay	 a	 damn	 sight	 better	 than	 the	 government
does.	 We	 don’t	 go	 looking	 for	 work.	 The	 long	 and	 short	 of	 it	 is	 that	 I	 turn	 down	 more
cases	than	I	take	on.	I	have	to.	I	do	only	high-quality	work,	and	if	you	spread	your	team
too	far	and	wide,	your	results	leave	a	lot	to	be	desired.	Any	more	questions?”

“That	about	covers	it.	Ah,	excuse	me,	I	have	a	call	coming	in	that	I’ve	been	waiting	for.
I’ll	put	him	on	speaker	so	you	can	hear.”	Callahan	nodded.
“What	do	you	have	for	me,	Tookus?”
Abner	got	right	down	to	it.	“The	guy	is	rich	as	hell.	He’s	got	it	stashed	all	over	hell	and
creation.	What	do	you	want	me	to	do	now?”
“Steal	 it,	 of	 course.	 Transfer	 it	 to	 someplace	 safe.	 Then	 obliterate	 the	 accounts.	 How
much	are	we	talking	about	here?”
“Right	now	I’m	up	to	$93	million,	and	there	are,	if	I’m	right,	six	more	accounts	to	go.
Phil	helped	me	out,	or	I	wouldn’t	be	this	far	along.”
“I	 need	 you	 to	 do	 something	 else.	 I	 need	 your	 pal,	 the	 one	 with	 the	 magic	 fingers,	 to
shut	down	the	cell-phone	towers	that	service	Tijuana,	Mexico,	when	I	call	to	give	you	the
okay	to	do	it.	That	means	open	lines	on	those	phones	I	provided.	Check	and	get	right	back
to	me.	Just	out	of	curiosity,	where	are	you	going	to	…	transfer	those	monies?”
“Do	you	have	clearance	for	me	to	tell	you	that?	Not	to	worry,	it	will	be	safe,”	Tookus
replied	and	then	ended	the	call.
Callahan	 looked	 at	 Snowden.	 “Ninety-three	 million	 dollars!	 And	 he’s	 just	 going	 to
make	it	disappear!	Who	is	that	guy?	I	could	use	someone	like	him.”
“Name’s	Abner	Tookus,	and	he’s	good.	Super	good,	but	the	guy	you	really	want,	who
you	 are	 never	 gonna	 get,	 is	 a	 dude	 named	 Philonias	 Needlemeyer.	 Right	 now,	 I	 can
guarantee	he	heard	everything	you	and	I	have	just	spoken	about.”
Callahan	 grimaced.	 “Yeah,	 right!	 This	 place	 is	 so	 bug	 tight,	 an	 ant	 couldn’t	 make	 its
way	in	here.	Besides,	Mom	sweeps	for	listening	devices	three	times	a	day.”
Snowden’s	phone	rang.	He	picked	it	up	and	it	was	all	he	could	do	not	to	laugh	out	loud.
“Gentlemen,	I	want	to	thank	you	for	the	kind	compliments.	And,	Mr.	Callahan,	tell	your
mother	I	compliment	her,	but	she	needs	to	update	her	equipment.”	The	connection	ended.
“What	the	holy	hell!”	Callahan	exploded.
“Listen,	man,	don’t	even	go	there,	just	roll	with	it.	The	two	of	them	are	on	our	side,	and
that’s	all	that’s	important.	Ah	…	I	wouldn’t	mention	what	just	happened	to	your	mother.
Phil	will	be	watching	over	you	all	from	here	on	in.”
“Uh-huh,”	Callahan	said,	rubbing	at	his	whiskers.	“Uh-huh.”
Snowden	looked	at	his	watch.
“They	have	three	more	minutes,”	Callahan	said,	his	eyes	still	dazed	that	someone	had
managed	 to	 infiltrate	 his	 organization.	 He	 was	 ticked	 off	 even	 though	 he	 knew	 it	 would
never	come	to	anything	negative	where	his	firm	was	concerned.
The	 door	 opened	 precisely	 at	 the	 fifteen-minute	 mark.	 Three	 men	 and	 one	 woman
waited	to	be	invited	into	the	room.
Avery	looked	them	over	and	liked	what	he	was	seeing.	Three	guys,	all	in	their	mid-	to
late	 fifties.	 Dressed	 in	 khaki	 pants,	 button-down	 white	 shirts	 rolled	 to	 the	 elbows,	 ties
loosened,	 John	 Lobb	 shoes,	 military	 haircuts,	 clean	 shaven,	 papers	 and	 phones	 in	 hand.

The	 woman	 was	 dressed	 almost	 identically,	 but	 her	 white	 blouse	 was	 silk.	 Her	 hair,	 the
color	of	a	sandy	beach,	was	tied	back	in	a	bun.	She	wore	little	to	no	makeup	because	she
didn’t	 need	 it.	 Her	 eyes	 were	 big	 and	 brown	 as	 saucers.	 No	 jewelry	 except	 for	 a	 strap
wristwatch.	 She	 wore	 high-top	 sneakers	 that	 were	 bright	 red.	 The	 shoelaces	 were	 white
with	little	red	ladybugs	crawling	all	over	them.	The	lady	had	a	sense	of	humor,	Snowden
decided.
Callahan	made	the	introductions.	“Drew	Warner,	Gary	Jason,	Roy	Alabado,	and	this	is
Patty	Molnar.	Susy	Jensen	is	out	today	taking	her	physical.	She’ll	be	back	tomorrow.”
Hands	 were	 shaken,	 guy	 shakes	 even	 from	 Patty	 Molnar.	 No	 one	 said	 anything,	 just
nodding	at	the	introduction.
“Whatta	you	got	for	us,	and	where	did	you	get	it?”	Callahan	asked.
“C’mon,	boss,	is	that	a	joke?”	Warner	asked.	“From	the	dark	side,	where	else?”
“Give	us	the	short	version,”	Callahan	said.
Gary	Jason	waved	the	wad	of	papers	in	his	hands.	“Believe	it	or	not,	there	was	not	a
whole	lot	of	info	out	there,	even	on	the	dark	side.	He’s	married	to	a	beautiful	woman	and
has	a	child	who	is	eight	years	old.	The	story	is	he	was	married	two	or	three	times	prior	to
this	marriage,	and	when	the	women	couldn’t	produce	a	child,	they	were	…	disposed	of.
He	lives	and	breathes	for	this	little	girl.	Just	loves	her	to	death.	Not	much	of	a	husband.	He
whores	around.	If	the	wife	minds,	she	doesn’t	let	it	show.	He	travels	a	lot,	at	least	once	a
month.	 We	 have	 his	 address	 and	 the	 shops	 that	 he	 patronizes.	 He	 lives	 at	 the	 end	 of	 a
neighborhood	street,	the	last	house.	We	did	a	Google	Earth	search	and	have	the	printouts.
Nothing	out	of	the	ordinary	except	he	has	a	swimming	pool.	People	in	Tijuana	do	not	have
swimming	pools,	at	least	in	the	village	where	he	lives.
“He’s	a	creature	of	habit,	has	a	routine.	Which	is	good	for	us	if	this	is	a	snatch	and	grab.
As	far	as	we	can	tell,	he	gets	no	company.	But	he’s	always	on	his	cell	phone.	He	leaves	his
house	every	day	around	eleven	twenty.	Goes	to	Mass	at	the	only	church	in	town.	He	pays
the	priest	to	say	a	Mass	at	that	time	of	the	day	because	he	doesn’t	want	to	go	to	an	early
morning	 Mass.	 He’s	 the	 only	 attendee.	 After	 Mass,	 he	 heads	 down	 the	 street	 to	 a	 little
café,	 where	 he	 eats	 lunch.	 He	 eats	 the	 same	 thing	 every	 day,	 tamales.	 The	 rumor	 is	 he
taught	the	woman	who	does	the	cooking	how	to	make	them.	He	has	two	glasses	of	sangria
followed	by	a	cup	of	strong	black	coffee.	He	sits	at	his	private	table	under	an	umbrella	and
smokes	a	Cuban	cigar.	No	one	goes	near	him	except	the	woman	who	serves	him	his	food.
He	 waves	 to	 people,	 says	 hello	 to	 others	 while	 he	 watches	 what’s	 going	 on	 on	 the	 busy
street,	which	is	usually	nothing,	just	people	going	about	their	daily	lives.	When	he’s	ready
to	leave,	he	hands	out	coins	to	any	of	the	children	who	are	around.	Then	he	goes	home	and
stays	there.	End	of	Beteo	Mezaluma’s	day.”
“He	has	a	helicopter	and	a	Learjet,”	Roy	Alabado	said.	“He	can	fly	both	of	them,	but	he
has	a	pilot	on	standby	he	prefers	to	use	for	his	travels.”
Patty	 Molnar	 held	 up	 some	 pictures.	 “All	 of	 these	 are	 of	 the	 little	 girl,	 named	 Alicia.
She’s	dressed	in	different	outfits,	always	dresses	with	ruffles	and	bows.	In	every	picture,
she’s	wearing	shiny	black	patent	leather	shoes,	Mary	Janes	they’re	called,	and	white	socks
with	lace	around	the	top.	She	has	ribbons	in	her	hair,	which	is	quite	long	and	curly,	almost

down	to	her	waist.	She	looks	like	one	of	those	angels	you	see	on	Christmas	cards.	And	she
wears	a	gold	cross	and	chain	around	her	neck.	As	you	can	see,	she	is	a	beautiful	child.	It’s
easy	to	see	why	the	father	dotes	on	her.	The	mother,	they	say,	is	a	real	beauty,	but	there	are
no	pictures.	Her	name	is	Elena.”
“That’s	it?”	Callahan	asked.
“All	we	could	dig	up	unless	you	want	us	to	physically	go	across	the	border,	but	we	all
know	no	one	is	going	to	talk.	No	one,	so	what’s	the	point?”	Warner	said.
Callahan	looked	at	Snowden	and	shrugged.
“Thanks,	 guys.	 Get	 back	 to	 what	 you	 were	 doing.	 Don’t	 leave	 the	 building,	 though,
okay?”
Callahan	said	to	Snowden,	“If	I	might	make	a	suggestion.”
“By	all	means.”
“Liechtenstein	is	superb	followed	by	the	Antilles	to	stash	money.	Stay	as	far	away	as
you	can	from	the	Caymans.”
“I’ll	pass	it	on,	thanks.”
Snowden’s	cell	phone	rang.	It	was	Abner.
Both	men	leaned	closer	to	the	table,	where	Snowden’s	cell	phone	was	in	speaker	mode.
“Phil	says	it’s	a	piece	of	cake.	All	he	needs	is	ten	minutes’	notice.	Open	lines	all	the	way
around.	 But	 he	 does	 want	 to	 know	 how	 long	 you	 want	 them	 to	 stay	 down.	 He	 said	 it’s
tricky.	It’s	all	about	the	satellites.”
“Until	we	do	the	snatch	and	grab	and	make	a	clean	getaway.	Could	be	anywhere	from
an	hour	to	maybe	five	or	six.	I’d	like	us	back	at	Pinewood	before	they	become	operable
again.	There’s	no	way	I	want	him	or	his	people	getting	in	touch	with	the	Karas	brothers
until	we	have	Mezaluma	under	lock	and	key.”
“You’ve	got	it.	Call	me.”	Snowden	reached	out,	turned	off	his	phone,	and	stuck	it	into
one	of	the	many	pockets	of	his	cargo	pants.
Callahan	dug	at	his	beard.	“From	the	sound	of	what	I	just	heard,	I’d	say	we’re	good	to
go.	All	we	need	is	a	time	now.	Work	on	that	while	I	go	talk	to	my	team.	We	do	what	we
call	a	ready	drill	before	we	even	attempt	something	like	this.”
“I’ll	be	right	here.	Thanks,	Callahan.”
“In	the	meantime	if	you	need	anything,	call	Mom.	By	the	way,	her	name	is	Peg.”
“Will	do.”

Chapter	Sixteen

Charles	 looked	 around	 at	 the	 team	 assembled	 in	 his	 kitchen.	 Everything	 was	 neat	 and
tidy,	 and	 the	 coffeepot	 was	 working	 at	 full	 speed	 as	 he	 watched	 the	 members	 of	 his
disgruntled	 team	 mumble	 and	 mutter	 to	 one	 another	 about	 downtime,	 wasted	 time,	 the
need	for	action,	then	let	loose	on	the	incredible	rainfall	of	the	past	few	days.	“I’m	just	glad
I	 don’t	 live	 out	 here,”	 Maggie	 complained.	 “No	 matter	 where	 you	 step,	 it’s	 ankle-deep
mud.	The	good	news	is	the	weatherman	said	it’s	going	to	stop	raining	by	noon,	and	the	sun
will	be	out.	It	will	take	weeks	for	the	ground	to	dry	out.”
“Thank	you,	Maggie	Spritzer,	for	the	weather	tutorial.	If	you’re	done	complaining,	let’s
hear	 what	 happened	 during	 the	 night.	 With	 the	 time	 difference	 between	 here	 and
California,	 where	 Snowden	 is,	 and	 in	 China,	 where	 Harry’s	 friends	 are,	 there	 must	 be
some	kind	of	news.	It’s	nine	o’clock	here,	so	it’s	six	in	the	morning	where	Avery	is.	What
do	we	know	about	him,	and	what’s	going	on?”	Ted	asked.
Dennis	chirped	up	that	he	would	like	an	update	on	Harry’s	Triad	friends.
“I	can	tell	you	what	I	know	about	Avery,	but	Harry	will	have	to	talk	to	you	about	the
Triad.	 Right	 now,	 Avery	 and	 his	 new	 colleague,	 Duke	 Callahan,	 are	 inside	 a	 bodega	 in
Tijuana.	Attached	to	the	bodega	is	a	little	café	where	Beteo	Mezaluma	goes	for	his	daily
meal	of	tamales.	They	broke	into	the	bodega	around	four	this	morning	and	are	waiting	for
the	little	lady	who	owns	it	and	cooks	the	tamales.
“Their	plan	is	to	stay	there	until	Mezaluma	shows	up	for	his	daily	lunch.	They’ll	add	a
few	extra	ingredients	to	his	food	and	his	sangria.	Just	enough	to	make	him	a	little	woozy
but	 still	 able	 to	 walk	 on	 his	 own.	 Mr.	 Callahan’s	 team	 of	 five	 will	 be	 helping	 to	 move
things	 along.	 His	 team	 consists	 of	 three	 men	 and	 two	 women	 who	 just	 came	 off	 an
assignment	and	were	on	a	five-day	hiatus	but	agreed	to	help	out.	The	men	will	be	doing
the	 surveillance	 outside,	 and	 the	 two	 women	 will	 head	 to	 his	 home	 to	 …	 ah	 …	 discuss
things	with	his	wife.
“As	I	told	you	earlier,	Mezaluma	has	his	own	Learjet	and	a	helicopter,	which	he	knows
how	to	fly	but	rarely	does.	He	has	a	pilot	on	standby	twenty-four/seven.	Avery’s	plan	is	to
get	him	to	the	airfield	where	the	plane	and	helicopter	are	in	their	hangars.	Callahan	can	fly
both.	The	plan	is	to	…	um	…	dispose	of	the	pilot	somehow.	Avery	didn’t	go	into	detail	on
that.	If	they	manage	to	actually	get	airborne,	the	plan	is	to	fly	here	with	Senor	Mezaluma.
Callahan	thinks	he	can	get	clearance	and	get	him	through	customs.	I	say	he	thinks	he	can
do	it.	It	is	not	a	given.	The	landing	will	be	at	a	private	airport	at	which	he	has	connections.
Avery	has	made	arrangements	to	be	picked	up	by	his	people	and	will	bring	us	a	new	guest
for	our	chamber	down	below.	Sometime	late	this	evening.”
“Sounds	like	a	lot	of	ifs,”	Jack	said.
“Yes,	it	is,”	Charles	said	solemnly.
“What	 do	 the	 two	 women	 operatives	 hope	 to	 gain	 by	 going	 to	 the	 house	 where	 he
lives?”	Maggie	asked.
“A	woman-to-woman	kind	of	thing,	mother	to	mother	possibly.	Avery	said	the	rumor	is
that	it	is	not,	by	any	means,	a	happy	marriage.	Mezaluma	plucked	her	out	from	her	family

and	said	he	was	going	to	make	her	his	bride	so	she	could	give	him	an	heir.	His	other	two
or	three	wives	were	unable	to	do	that.	What	that	means	is	there	is	no	love	there.	But	we
already	 discussed	 this.	 Their	 thinking	 is	 she	 will	 help	 and	 hand	 over	 whatever	 it	 is	 they
want	from	her	with	the	promise	that	her	husband	will	never	return.	That’s	assuming	she
has	access	to	whatever	it	is	the	boys	want.	There	have	to	be	records	somewhere.	Timing	is
everything.”
At	the	word	timing,	everyone	in	the	room	looked	at	Abner.
Abner	threw	his	hands	in	the	air.	“How	many	times	do	I	have	to	tell	you	all	that	taking
down	a	cell	tower	is	not	easy.	You	don’t	just	wave	a	magic	wand,	and	poof	it	goes	down.
You	have	to	wait	for	the	satellite	to	be	in	the	right	position.	Once	it	is	overhead,	it’s	a	piece
of	cake.	Like	I	said,	ten	minutes.”	He	sighed.	“That	means	that	Phil,	who	is	on	this,	has	to
wait	 for	 just	 the	 right	 moment.	 You	 want	 it	 to	 go	 down	 at	 noon.	 That	 might	 not	 be
possible.	 It	 might	 have	 to	 go	 down	 …	 say	 …	 at	 ten	 o’clock.	 You	 have	 to	 prepare,	 or,	 I
should	say,	Avery	and	that	guy	Callahan	have	to	be	ready.	I	have	an	open	line	with	Phil
right	now.	He’s	thinking	at	the	moment	it	might	be	one	twenty-seven.	Somebody	needs	to
call	Avery	and	apprise	him	of	that.	Like	now	would	be	a	good	time.”
Charles	 had	 his	 cell	 in	 his	 hand	 and	 was	 tapping	 out	 a	 code	 that	 would	 allow	 him	 to
speak	with	Avery	no	matter	where	he	was	in	the	world.	His	first	words	were,	“From	here
on	in	we	need	to	keep	this	line	open.	Abner	seems	to	think	Phil	can	shut	down	the	tower
around	one	twenty-seven	our	time,	ten	twenty-seven	your	time.	Possibly	sooner.	Are	you
following	me	here,	Avery?”
“I	am,	Sir	Charles.	Callahan	and	I	are	in	place.	The	little	lady	who	owns	this	bodega	is
being	 very	 helpful.	 Very.	 It’s	 as	 we	 thought—there	 is	 no	 love	 here	 in	 this	 town	 for	 that
bastard.	Yes,	he	is	the	patrone,	but	he	rules	by	fear.	In	public,	they	sing	his	praises,	and	in
private,	they	curse	him	and	his	very	existence.	Even	the	priest	is	afraid	of	him.	There	is
not	a	soul	in	this	place	who	will	be	sorry	to	see	him	go	and	never	come	back.”
“Have	you	been	able	to	find	out	if	the	man	has	any	kind	of	security,	given	the	way	he
walks	out	and	about	so	freely?”	Charles	asked.
“Only	 locals,	 whom	 he	 pays	 a	 few	 pesos	 to	 be	 his	 eyes.	 There	 is	 no	 muscle	 there,	 if
that’s	what	you’re	asking.	At	least	according	to	Senora	Santos,	who	owns	this	bodega.	She
said	 if	 she	 puts	 the	 word	 out,	 no	 one	 will	 hassle	 us.	 She	 seems	 to	 be	 the	 real	 thing,	 Sir
Charles.	Callahan	agrees.	Everyone	around	here	is	related	in	some	way.	She	has	a	helper
who	comes	in	around	the	middle	of	the	morning,	a	young	girl,	someone’s	third	cousin	of
another	cousin,	that	kind	of	thing.	She	will	tell	her	to	leave	and	spread	the	word.	I	didn’t
want	to	take	on	that	responsibility	without	checking	with	you	first.	Bear	in	mind	that	we
will	be	parading	this	guy	through	town	and	out	to	the	airfield.”
“Do	it,”	Charles	said.	“Keep	this	line	open.”
Charles	 turned	 to	 the	 group.	 “You	 all	 heard	 that,	 so	 no	 sense	 in	 repeating	 it.	 Abner,
inform	your	friend	of	these	developments.”
“I	wish	I	were	out	there	with	them,”	Allison	Bannon	said	wistfully.	“I	live	for	the	day	I
can	get	my	hands	around	that	man’s	neck,	so	I	can	personally	choke	the	life	out	of	him.”
There	didn’t	seem	to	be	any	answer	to	that	declaration,	so	the	room	went	as	silent	as	a

tomb.
Harry	suddenly	jumped	up.	“Sorry,	folks,	I	gotta	go!	My	guys	will	be	arriving	in	a	little
over	an	hour.”	Jack	and	Cyrus	jumped	up,	ready	to	leave.	“No!	You	stay	here.	These	guys
spook	too	easy.	I	work	better	alone.	Remember,	we	don’t	even	know	how	they	managed	to
get	here.	There’s	going	to	be	a	lot	of	back-and-forth	going	on	with	the	authorities.	China
…	well,	they’re	the	bad	guys.	I’ll	bring	them	here	the	minute	we	clear	customs.	Be	ready
for	us.	I	need	your	car	keys,	Jack.	I	came	on	the	Ducati.”	Jack	tossed	him	the	keys.
“Now	 what?”	 Maggie	 asked.	 “When	 do	 we	 send	 the	 personal	 note	 inviting	 the	 Karas
brothers	to	the	private	luncheon?	I’m	thinking	now	would	be	a	good	time.	Or	as	close	to
when	the	tower	goes	down,	so	they	can’t	contact	Mezaluma.	What	that	means	is	I	have	to
go	back	to	town,	get	the	personal	note	I	wrote	that	I	left	at	the	house,	contact	a	messenger,
and	have	him	pick	it	up	and	take	it	to	the	hotel.	Tell	me	what	you	want	me	to	do.”
Charles	weighed	her	words.	“Go,	but	take	Ted	or	Dennis	with	you.	No	one	goes	alone
anywhere	from	here	on	out.	Except	Harry.	When	you	get	to	your	house,	call	here,	leave
the	line	open	but	have	your	messenger	in	place	in	the	lobby	of	the	Sofitel	so	he	can	turn	it
over	to	the	Karas	brothers’	security	team.	Tell	the	messenger	his	orders	are	to	wait	fifteen
minutes	for	a	response.	If	there	is	no	response,	he	is	to	leave,	and	the	invitation	is	null	and
void.	Word	it	however	you	like,	but	just	be	sure	they	understand	there	is	a	deadline	for	the
luncheon	tomorrow.”
Maggie	 and	 Ted	 were	 up	 and	 out	 the	 door	 within	 moments.	 She	 called	 over	 her
shoulder,	“Rain	stopped.	I	can	see	some	sun	out	toward	the	highway!”
“There	 doesn’t	 seem	 to	 be	 anything	 for	 me	 to	 do	 here,	 so	 if	 you	 all	 don’t	 mind,	 I’m
going	out	to	the	barn	to	see	my	kids.	When	it’s	time	for	us	to	leave,	they	are	going	to	miss
all	the	animals.	Andy	formed	a	real	attachment	to	one	of	the	cats,	and	he	calls	him	Baby
Boo.	He	carries	him	everywhere	and	asked	for	a	basket	because	sometimes	he	gets	heavy.
That’s	another	memory	I	might	have	missed	if	I	weren’t	here.	I	don’t	know	how	to	thank
all	of	you.	I	know,	I	know,	I	keep	saying	that,	but	I	feel	like	I	have	to	say	it.”
“Go	see	your	children,”	Charles	said	gently.	“Take	this	tray	of	brownies	for	them	and	let
me	whisk	up	a	container	of	juice.”
Allison	stood	by	the	door,	straining	to	see	the	ray	of	sunlight	Maggie	said	she	saw.	It
wasn’t	visible	to	her	eyes,	but	then	she	saw	a	glimmer.	She	smiled	just	as	Charles	handed
her	two	shopping	bags.	“I	put	their	lunch	in	there,	too.	I	don’t	think	it’s	a	good	idea	for
them	to	be	here	in	the	house	right	now,	with	so	much	getting	ready	to	go	down.	Call	me
from	time	to	time	so	I	can	update	you.	You’ll	be	able	to	hear	when	Harry	arrives	with	our
guests	and	when	Maggie	returns.	Then	you	join	us.”
Jack	poured	himself	a	cup	of	coffee	as	soon	as	the	door	closed	behind	Allison.	Cyrus
got	up	and	went	to	the	door,	Lady	right	behind	him	with	her	pups.	All	exited	in	an	orderly
procession.	They	were	back	ten	minutes	later,	their	paws	muddy	and	wet.
“I’ll	clean	them	up.	It	will	give	me	something	to	do	while	we	wait,	and	yes,	Charles,	I
will	then	wash	the	towels,”	Dennis	said.	At	Cyrus’s	bark,	he	hastened	to	add	that	he	would
also	fold	them	when	they	were	dry.
“I	don’t	think	I’ve	ever	been	so	bored	in	my	entire	life,”	Jack	groused.	“If	I	drink	any

more	coffee,	I’ll	be	bouncing	off	the	ceiling.	Ask	Snowden	what’s	going	on	out	there.”
“It’s	 breakfast	 time	 out	 there,	 as	 you	 well	 know,	 while	 we’re	 approaching	 the	 lunch
hour.	This	is	simply	dead	time.	Accept	it,	there	are	no	other	options	at	this	time.”
Jack	continued	to	grumble,	much	to	Cyrus’s	dismay.	He	growled	and	shifted	position.
Translation:	Either	do	something	or	keep	quiet.	Jack	opted	for	the	latter	as	he	let	his	mind
wander	 to	 Harry’s	 meeting	 with	 the	 Triad.	 He	 looked	 at	 his	 watch.	 If	 the	 Chinese	 flight
was	 on	 time,	 it	 should	 have	 landed	 or	 be	 about	 to	 land.	 He	 envied	 Harry	 right	 at	 that
moment.
*	*	*
Harry	stood	off	at	a	distance	as	he	waited	for	the	sleek	new	Gulfstream	to	land	at	the
international	 terminal.	 The	 sun,	 which	 was	 now	 out	 in	 full	 force,	 shone	 down	 on	 the
aircraft	 skin,	 making	 it	 sparkle	 like	 a	 huge	 diamond.	 Harry	 wondered	 how	 much	 it	 had
cost.	Not	that	he	cared,	but	he	was	curious.	He	knew	he	had	a	good	fifteen	minutes	until
the	 aircraft	 came	 to	 a	 complete	 stop,	 and	 the	 passengers	 were	 permitted	 to	 disembark.
Then	 he	 had	 to	 escort	 said	 passengers	 to	 customs	 unless	 Ky	 had	 somehow	 made	 other
arrangements.
Harry	Wong	was	good	at	waiting.	He	simply	withdrew	into	his	inner	core	and	let	peace
reign	 through	 his	 body.	 He	 could	 stand	 in	 his	 present	 position	 for	 hours	 on	 end	 and	 not
move	a	muscle.	While	he	could	do	that,	he	elected	not	to.	He	wanted	to	see	what	he	called
the	grand	finale,	the	Triad	tripping	off	the	plane	to	step	onto	American	soil.
Harry	 ticked	 off	 the	 minutes	 in	 his	 head	 until	 the	 sound	 of	 powerful	 engines	 whined
down	to	pure	silence.	Five	more	minutes	passed	before	the	shiny	new	doors	opened,	and	a
staircase	was	wheeled	to	the	open	door	by	airport	workers.	Two	burly	Chinese	men,	who
looked	 like	 Sumo	 wrestlers,	 descended	 the	 steps,	 carrying	 portable	 wheelchairs.	 A	 third
man	 followed.	 He	 watched	 as	 the	 chairs	 were	 unfolded	 and	 set	 in	 place.	 The	 three	 men
looked	 at	 the	 approaching	 group	 of	 men,	 three	 Chinese	 and	 three	 American,	 the
Americans	 dressed	 in	 airport	 security	 outfits.	 Customs,	 he	 thought.	 Or	 people	 with
authority	 who	 could	 direct	 the	 newcomers	 to	 a	 safe	 haven.	 The	 burly	 men	 bowed
respectfully	before	they	headed	back	up	the	staircase.
Five	 minutes	 later,	 the	 three	 men	 who	 had	 carried	 the	 wheelchairs	 down	 the	 stairs
appeared	in	the	open	doorway.	Each	man	carried	a	frail,	elderly	Chinese	man.	Harry,	who
did	 his	 best	 not	 to	 laugh,	 thought	 they	 looked	 like	 Chinese	 mummies	 with	 their	 long,
straggly	gray	hair	and	mustaches	that	reached	to	midchest.	All	wore	thick	glasses,	thicker
than	the	proverbial	Coke	bottle	glasses	so	often	referred	to.
The	three	ancients	wore	colorful	kimonos	festooned	with	gold-embroidered	dragons	on
the	sleeves	and	lapels.	Their	heads	were	lowered	to	avoid	the	glare	of	the	sun.	Harry	did
notice	that	their	hands	were	not	visible	but	tucked	into	the	wide	sleeves	of	their	kimonos.
He	giggled	to	himself.	That	Ky,	he	was	such	a	prankster.
The	three	men	settled	the	ancients	in	the	wheelchairs,	then	handed	over	all	the	required
documentation	 to	 the	 three	 American	 officials	 while	 the	 three	 Chinese	 men	 bowed	 and
chanted	something	that	sounded	like	pure	bullshit	to	Harry’s	ears.
No	one	moved,	there	was	no	dialogue.	One	of	the	Americans	pulled	a	rubber	stamp	out

of	an	envelope	he	had	carried	in	his	pocket.	He	stamped	and	stamped	and	then	stamped
some	more.	Or	else,	Harry	thought,	the	stamp	ran	out	of	ink.	Regardless,	the	three	ancients
were	free	to	go	but	not	before	there	were	more	bows,	more	head	bobbing.
Harry	raced	over	to	the	van	that	would	take	the	Triad	to	the	ring	road	that	would	lead
them	out	to	the	highway.	He	slid	open	the	panel	door,	yelled	to	the	driver	that	he	would
meet	them	three	miles	down	the	road	at	the	Mobile	gas	station.
“What!	What!”	Ky	screeched.	“What	happened	to	‘Great	performance,	you	could	have
fooled	me,	man,	you	are	one	crafty	son	of	a	bitch’?”
Harry	gave	an	airy	wave	as	he	sprinted	off	to	the	parking	area,	where	he	had	left	Jack’s
BMW.	He	almost	choked	on	his	own	laughter.
Seventeen	minutes	passed	before	the	panel	van	careened	into	the	Mobile	station.	Harry
got	out	of	Jack’s	car,	which	he	had	parked	next	to	a	Dumpster.
To	 Harry’s	 surprise,	 it	 was	 a	 boisterous,	 warm-and-fuzzy	 greeting,	 with	 lots	 of	 back
slapping,	 cheek	 kissing,	 and	 high	 fives.	 “What	 happened	 to	 bowing	 to	 my	 superiority?”
Harry	asked.
“We	don’t	do	that	shit	anymore,	bro.	Only	the	ancients	hold	to	the	old	ways.	We	do	it	in
their	 presence	 to	 show	 respect.	 We	 walk	 and	 talk	 just	 like	 you	 do	 over	 here	 in	 this
wilderness.	 We’re	 the	 new	 breed,	 or	 haven’t	 you	 heard?	 Is	 that	 your	 car?”	 Ky	 asked,
pointing	to	Jack’s	BMW.	“I	was	expecting	a	Bentley,”	he	cackled.
“Where’s	your	gear?”	Harry	asked.
“What	 gear?	 You	 think	 because	 we’re	 Chinese	 we	 travel	 with	 that	 crap	 we	 make	 for
your	people.	You’re	looking	at	it,”	he	said,	touching	a	nylon	backpack	that	looked	fully
loaded	 to	 Harry’s	 eyes.	 “Now	 that	 we’re	 rich,	 we	 can	 buy	 whatever	 we	 want	 when	 we
need	it.	By	the	way,	I’d	appreciate	some	walking-around	money.	Free	and	trust	goes	a	long
way,	but	when	you	need	clean	underwear,	you	need	money	to	buy	it.	It’s	a	deal	breaker,
Harry.	And	you	more	than	anyone	should	know	it	pays	to	travel	light.”
“So	what	are	we	waiting	for,	a	bus,	a	train,	or	are	we	leaving	in	this	kiddy	car?”	Ling
asked.
“Another	 comedian.	 Just	 what	 I	 need.	 Get	 your	 asses	 in	 there,	 and	 we	 can	 be	 on	 our
way,”	Harry	growled.
Inside	the	car,	the	Triad	turned	serious,	the	fun	and	guy	talk	over.	Now	it	was	down	to
business.	“Talk	to	us.	Tell	us	where	we’re	going,	what	we	can	expect,	and	what	you	want
the	outcome	to	be.	We	like	to	think	about	things	a	bit,	you	know,	run	them	up	the	flagpole
to	see	if	we	think	they	will	fly.	You	got	your	side	down	pat?”
“Pretty	 much.”	 Harry	 explained	 about	 Snowden	 and	 the	 California	 connection	 with
Duke	 Callahan	 and	 his	 global	 security	 business.	 “With	 the	 three-hour	 time	 difference,	 it
confuses	things.	Reaching	the	Karas	brothers	can’t	be	done	until	the	cell	tower	goes	down.
Time.	Everything	takes	time.”
“I’ve	 heard	 of	 him	 and	 his	 company.	 He’s	 got	 a	 sterling	 reputation.	 Harry,	 were	 you
bullshitting	me	when	you	told	me	you	guys	were	the	ones	who	took	down	the	Internet?

How	the	hell	did	you	do	that?	I	thought	only	a	terrorist	organization	or	something	like	that
could	actually	do	it.	You	must	travel	these	days	with	some	mighty	powerful	dudes.	How’d
that	happen,	Harry?	Seriously,	I	want	to	know.”
“If	I	told	you,	I’d	have	to	kill	you.”
“Don’t	you	mean	try	to	kill	me?”
“No.	I	meant	what	I	said.	Knowledge	isn’t	always	a	good	thing.	Old	Confucius	saying,”
Harry	said,	and	laughed.
“You’re	such	a	dick,	Harry.	I	don’t	want	to	know	anyway	because	if	I	did	know,	I	might
lose	sleep	over	it,	and	I	sleep	pretty	good	as	it	is.”
“You	should	get	married	and	have	some	kids,”	Harry	said.	“Give	some	thought	to	who
is	going	to	take	care	of	you	when	you	become	one	of	the	ancient	ones.	Paying	someone	to
take	 care	 of	 you	 is	 a	 lot	 different	 from	 a	 family	 member	 who	 does	 it	 because	 they	 love
you.	You	guys	are	rich	now;	save	that	money	for	down	the	road.	Just	between	us,	I	heard
some	talk	about	if	we’re	successful,	they’re	willing	to	throw	in	a	bonus.”
“Okay,	Dad,”	Ky	drawled.	“Bonus	is	a	word.	A	word	I	happen	to	love,	but	it	does	need
clarification.	We	need	to	hear	a	dollar	amount.	Seriously,	Harry,	I	hear	you.	We	all	hear
you.	We	talked	about	it	on	the	plane	nonstop.	We	have	a	plan	for	when	we	get	back	home.
Don’t	worry	about	us.	We’re	just	yakking	here	for	fun.”
Harry	wasn’t	sure	if	he	believed	his	old	friend	or	not.	Maybe	it	was	better	that	he	didn’t
know,	but	he	did	respond	to	the	question:	“Another	million	each.	Good	old	U.S.	currency.
No	taxes.	No	paper	trail.	Clean	as	a	whistle.	Think	about	that.	What	that	means	is	don’t	go
pissing	off	my	people.
“We’re	almost	there.	Another	five	miles,	and	you	get	to	meet	everyone.”
The	minute	Harry	approached	the	gates,	he	could	hear	all	the	dogs	barking.	The	gates
opened	wide,	and	he	roared	through,	blasting	the	horn	three	sharp	blasts.	The	kitchen	door
opened,	and	everyone	inside	the	house	piled	out	to	greet	the	newcomers.
Introductions	were	made.	Hands	were	shaken.	Eye	contact	was	made.	Out	of	the	corner
of	 his	 eye,	 Jack	 could	 see	 Allison	 Bannon	 sprinting	 toward	 them	 from	 the	 barn.	 Harry
introduced	her.
Lady	 and	 her	 pups	 decided	 they	 weren’t	 needed,	 so	 they	 moved	 off	 to	 their	 special
places	to	take	care	of	business.	Not	so	Cyrus,	who	stood	glued	to	Jack’s	side.	Jack	could
feel	the	big	dog	quivering.	It	was	clear	to	him	that	Cyrus	didn’t	know	what	to	make	of	the
strange	newcomers	who	had	just	arrived.
“So	this	is	our	team?”	Ky	said.
Harry	pointed	to	Jack,	then	Allison,	then	tapped	his	own	chest.	A	yip	from	Cyrus	made
him	grin.	“And	our	canine	friend	here.	His	name	is	Cyrus.	All	told,	we	are	a	seven-man
team.	I	told	you	that	on	the	phone.”
“You	didn’t	tell	us	the	seventh	member	was	a	damn	dog,”	Ling	said.
“Well,	I’m	telling	you	now,”	Harry	shot	back.

“No	dogs!”	Momo	said.	“They	get	in	the	way.	No	dogs!”
Cyrus	literally	started	to	vibrate.	Oh,	shit,	Jack	thought.	Here	we	go.
Harry	eyeballed	Ky,	the	undisputed	leader	of	the	Triad,	who	was	looking	back	at	him,	a
strange	expression	on	his	face.	“Well!	Is	there	a	problem?	The	dog	goes,	or	we	scratch	the
deal.	That	means	no	dollars,	and	you’ll	have	to	give	back	the	plane.	It’s	a	no-brainer.”
“Prove	he’s	a	warrior,”	Ling	snarled,	stepping	forward.
Harry	let	loose	with	a	loud	sigh.	“Oh,	man,	you	really	don’t	want	to	go	there,	do	you?
Correct	 me	 if	 I’m	 wrong	 here.	 You	 want	 to	 go	 up	 against	 this	 dog.	 Is	 that	 what	 you’re
saying?”	He	looked	at	Ky	for	confirmation.	Ky	simply	rolled	his	eyes	and	shrugged.
Ling	 stepped	 into	 the	 middle	 of	 the	 courtyard	 and	 waited.	 Jack	 walked	 Cyrus	 to	 the
dueling	position.	He	leaned	down	and	whispered	in	the	big	dog’s	ears,	“This	isn’t	shits	and
giggles,	 Cyrus.	 I	 know	 you	 know	 this,	 but	 it	 never	 hurts	 to	 hear	 it	 again.	 It’s	 the	 eyes.
Never	take	your	eyes	off	your	adversary.	Never.	And	remember	this,	he	only	has	two	legs,
you	have	four.	Buck-ass	naked,	the	guy	weighs	maybe	one-forty.	You	have	the	edge,	and
you	have	those	beautiful	teeth	I	brush	every	day.	Remember	the	eyes.	I’m	going	to	stand
back	now.	Make	me	proud,	big	guy.”
Team	Cyrus	moved	to	be	closer	to	Jack.	Eyes	wide,	they	watched	as	Ling	approached
Cyrus.	Cyrus	didn’t	move.	He	waited,	stone	still.	They	could	all	hear	Ling	muttering	some
gobbledygook	that	didn’t	faze	Cyrus	at	all.	He	just	stood	stiff	and	tall.
A	 blue	 jay	 took	 that	 moment	 to	 swoop	 across	 the	 courtyard,	 and	 it	 was	 all	 Cyrus
needed.	Team	Cyrus	watched	a	black	streak	hit	the	air	as	though	it	were	going	to	chase	the
blue	jay.	Instead,	powerful	jaws	locked	on	Ling’s	neck	in	less	than	a	nanosecond.	The	two
Triad	 members	 let	 loose	 with	 a	 shrill	 “Eiowww!”	 Team	 Cyrus	 clapped,	 whistled,	 and
stamped	their	feet.
“Release!”	 Jack	 said.	 Cyrus	 obeyed	 and	 sprinted	 to	 stand	 next	 to	 his	 master.	 Ling
dropped	to	the	ground,	stunned.
“Beautiful,	buddy,	just	beautiful!”	Jack	said	loud	enough	for	everyone	to	hear.
Team	Cyrus	waited.	Would	the	Triad	feel	shame?	Would	they	walk	away?
Ling	got	up	off	the	ground.	He	massaged	his	neck.	Not	a	drop	of	blood.	A	smile	tugged
at	the	corner	of	his	lips.	He	trotted	over	to	Cyrus	and	dropped	to	his	knees,	so	he	could	be
eye	level.	“You	are	a	true	warrior.	I	bow	to	you	in	respect.	You	have	my	admiration.”	He
bowed	low	a	second	time.
Cyrus	dipped	his	head	and	accepted	the	accolade.	Then	he	nudged	Ling	to	get	up.	He
held	out	one	of	his	massive	paws.	Translation:	This	is	the	U.S.	We	shake	hands	here.	Ling
held	out	his	hand.
“And	he	understands	Greek,	and	he	can	bark	in	Greek,	too.	And,	he	can	fold	towels,”
Dennis	said	as	proudly	as	if	he	were	the	one	who	had	trained	the	dog.
“This	 is	 true,	 Harry?	 I	 get	 the	 Greek	 part,	 but	 folding	 towels!”	 Ky	 said,	 awe	 and
admiration	ringing	in	his	voice.
“Hell	yes!	I	told	you	this	was	no	Mickey	Mouse	production.”

“Speaking	of	Mickey	Mouse,	is	Disney	World	still	on	the	table?”	Ky	laughed.
Harry	just	rolled	his	eyes.	That	Ky	was	such	a	card	sometimes.
The	gang	moved	then	to	return	to	the	house.	Jack	lagged	behind	with	Cyrus.	“Buddy,
you	made	me	feel	so	proud	today.	I	don’t	have	the	words	to	tell	you	what	a	great	job	you
did,	and	you	didn’t	even	break	the	skin.”	Jack	dropped	to	his	knees	and	looked	Cyrus	in
the	eye.	“That	guy	Ling,	he’s	really	good.	They’re	all	good.	When	he	said	you	were	a	true
warrior,	he	meant	it.	Now	when	we	go	back	to	see	Dr.	Pappas,	we’ll	have	a	story	to	tell
him.	He’s	going	to	love	the	compliment	Ling	gave	you.	We	won’t	mention	the	blue	jay.
Then	again,	any	diversion	is	a	plus	for	our	side.”
Cyrus	 nuzzled	 Jack	 under	 the	 chin.	 He	 let	 loose	 with	 a	 series	 of	 soft	 yips	 that	 could
have	meant	anything.	Whatever	it	was,	Jack	knew	that	his	dog	loved	him.	That	was	all	that
mattered.	 As	 they	 strolled	 back	 to	 the	 house	 side	 by	 side,	 Jack	 said,	 “It’s	 the	 eyes.	 The
window	to	the	soul.	The	eyes	tell	us	everything.”
Cyrus	entered	the	kitchen	ahead	of	Jack	to	celebrity	status	as	the	three	Chinese	wanted
to	 know	 everything	 there	 was	 to	 know	 about	 him.	 He	 allowed	 himself	 to	 be	 petted,
scratched,	and	belly	rubbed	along	with	taking	a	few	offered	treats	until	he	had	had	enough.
He	took	his	place	under	the	table	and	waited	for	Charles	to	serve	lunch.
He	dropped	off	to	sleep,	knowing	he	was	a	true	warrior.

Chapter	Seventeen

Avery	 Snowden,	 Duke	 Callahan	 at	 his	 side,	 strolled	 down	 the	 broken	 and	 cracked
sidewalk	or	what	had	once	been	a	sidewalk.	They	stopped	from	time	to	time	to	look	at	the
various	stalls	full	of	junk	being	peddled.
Avery	suddenly	yanked	Duke	into	a	dark-looking	alleyway	that	smelled	of	things	better
not	spoken	of.	“It’s	Charles.	He	says	another	five	minutes,	and	the	cell	tower	will	be	going
down.	We	should	head	back.”	The	time	was	11:20.
“If	Senora	Santos	is	being	truthful	with	us,	then	Mezaluma	should	be	leaving	his	house
about	 now	 for	 the	 twenty-five-minute	 walk	 to	 the	 church.	 We	 need	 to	 be	 in	 place	 long
before	he	gets	there	for	lunch.	Did	she	say	how	long	the	Mass	is?”	Callahan	asked.
“Thirty	 minutes.	 She	 said	 he	 arrives	 around	 twelve-forty	 and	 has	 his	 first	 glass	 of
sangria	while	he	waits	for	her	to	bring	his	tamales.	Along	with	his	second	glass	of	sangria.
We	need	to	move,	chop	chop,”	Snowden	said,	his	gaze	sweeping	the	street	for	anything
out	of	the	ordinary.	Everything	looked	the	same	as	it	had	yesterday	and	an	hour	ago.
The	two	men	were	traveling	the	back	alleys	so	that	they	could	enter	the	bodega	by	the
back	entrance.	They	opened	the	door	quietly	and	stepped	into	the	kitchen.	Senora	Santos
looked	up	but	said	nothing	as	she	worked	on	the	tamales	she	was	making.	A	huge	pitcher
of	sangria	sat	on	a	small	table	near	the	doorway,	a	glass	next	to	it.
Avery	 reached	 into	 one	 of	 the	 pockets	 in	 his	 cargo	 pants	 and	 brought	 out	 a	 vial.	 He
emptied	it	into	the	pitcher.	He	looked	around	for	something	to	stir	it	with	but	couldn’t	see
anything	 so	 he	 dipped	 his	 entire	 hand	 in	 the	 pitcher	 and	 swirled	 the	 pink-looking	 liquid
around	and	around,	liking	the	sound	of	the	clinking	ice	cubes.
“Not	 that	 it	 matters,	 but	 when	 was	 the	 last	 time	 you	 washed	 your	 hands?”	 Callahan
grinned.
“Probably	sometime	yesterday,	seeing	as	how	we	were	up	all	night	and	neither	one	of
us	showered.	You	worried	about	germs	or	something?”
“Nah,	just	making	conversation.”
Snowden	put	his	index	finger	to	his	lips	for	Callahan	to	be	quiet,	and	held	up	the	phone
so	both	could	hear	Charles	say,	“Tower	will	go	down	in	precisely	eighty-six	seconds.”
Snowden	started	mouthing	the	numbers,	his	eyes	on	Senora	Santos’s	cell	phone,	which
he	 had	 turned	 on	 minutes	 ago	 and	 was	 lying	 in	 plain	 view	 on	 a	 butcher-block	 table.	 He
almost	let	loose	with	a	loud	whistle	when	he	saw	the	face	turn	gray.	“Done!”	he	hissed	to
Callahan.
“Our	boy	just	arrived,”	Snowden	added.	“It’s	just	the	way	Senora	Santos	said.	The	man
is	truly	a	creature	of	habit.”
Both	men	watched	and	waited.	Mezaluma	looked	up	and	snapped	his	fingers,	the	signal
that	Senora	Santos	was	to	bring	his	first	glass	of	sangria.	Both	men	were	stunned	at	how
calm	she	was,	how	her	hands	were	totally	steady,	with	no	tremors	at	all.
When	Senora	Santos	returned	to	the	kitchen,	she	whispered,	“I	truly	hope	this	is	the	last

time	I	will	ever	have	to	serve	that	evil	creature.”	Both	men	assured	her	that	they	would
make	her	wish	come	true.
“By	now,	the	whole	town	knows	not	to	interfere.	When	you	leave	here	with	him,	no	one
will	accost	you,	and	if	they	do	it	is	for	…	display	only.	No	harm	will	come	to	either	of
you.	This	I	promise.”	Both	men	nodded	at	the	woman’s	bravery.
Snowden	and	Callahan	waited	for	another	snap	of	the	fingers.	Time	for	the	tamales	and
another	glass	of	the	man’s	favorite	beverage.
“My	agents	should	be	at	Senor	Mezaluma’s	house	by	now,”	Callahan	said	as	he	looked
at	his	watch.
“His	 movements	 are	 sluggish,”	 Snowden	 whispered	 from	 his	 position	 on	 the	 kitchen
side	of	the	curtain	that	separated	the	eating	area	from	the	kitchen.	“I	don’t	even	think	he’s
chewing,	 just	 swallowing	 and	 washing	 it	 down	 with	 the	 sangria.	 Oops,	 looks	 like	 he’s
done,	he’s	snapping	his	fingers.”
“Yes,	senor,”	Senora	Santos	said	as	she	bustled	through	the	doorway.	“Are	you	not	well,
senor?	You	did	not	finish	your	lunch.	Do	you	want	your	coffee	now?”
Snowden	and	Callahan	were	both	surprised	at	how	gruff	and	guttural	the	man’s	voice
sounded	when	he	spoke.	“I	am	well,	have	no	fear.	I	will	pass	on	the	coffee	and	go	home
now.	 The	 padre’s	 short	 sermon	 made	 me	 tired.”	 Senora	 Santos	 scampered	 back	 to	 her
kitchen.
Snowden	 came	 up	 to	 the	 table	 from	 the	 left	 and	 Callahan	 from	 the	 right.	 Both	 men
reached	 down	 at	 the	 same	 time	 to	 lift	 Mezaluma	 from	 his	 chair.	 He	 started	 to	 sputter
indignantly,	but	his	heart	wasn’t	in	it.	“Who	are	you?	Take	your	hands	off	me.”
“We’re	your	new	best	friends.	If	we	take	our	hands	off	you,	you	will	fall	flat	on	your
face.	We’re	simply	helping	you	along.	Or	would	you	like	us	to	call	someone	to	take	you
home?”
“My	phone	isn’t	working,”	Mezaluma	said,	slurring	his	words.	“The	damn	thing	never
works.”
“We’ll	take	you	home?”	Callahan	said.
“Why?”
“Weren’t	 you	 listening?	 Because	 we	 are	 your	 new	 best	 friends,	 and	 you	 have	 no	 one
else	to	call	because	your	phone	isn’t	working,”	Snowden	said.
“Where	is	the	airport	where	you	keep	your	plane?”	Callahan	asked.
“Why	do	you	want	to	know	that?”
“Because	 we	 are	 going	 to	 fly	 you	 home.	 Tell	 us	 how	 to	 get	 there,”	 Snowden	 said,
cheerfulness	ringing	in	his	voice.
“A	taxi.	The	driver	knows	where	it	is.	Fly	me	home?”	Mezaluma	stopped	in	his	tracks
and	eyed	both	men	suspiciously.	“No.”	His	knees	buckled	just	as	a	rickety	taxi	stopped	in
the	middle	of	the	road.	Both	men	shoved	Mezaluma	into	the	backseat,	where	he	fell	over
in	a	fat	lump.

“Take	us	to	his	airfield.	You	know	who	he	is,	right?”	Callahan	barked.
“Si,	 senor,	 I	 know	 where	 it	 is.	 I	 thank	 all	 the	 gods	 in	 heaven	 that	 you	 are	 taking	 him
away.	It	is	not	far,	a	mile	or	so.	There	is	a	pilot	there	who	is	very	loyal	to	…	to	that	devil.
Be	very	careful,	senor.”
Mezaluma	started	to	snore	in	the	backseat	as	the	rusty	old	taxi	chugged	down	the	rutted
road.	“There,	just	ahead,	is	the	airfield.	What	do	you	want	me	to	do?”
“Take	us	as	close	as	you	can,	so	we	don’t	have	to	drag	him	too	far.	Where	is	the	pilot,
do	you	know?”
“He	will	come	out	to	greet	you.	This	is	as	far	as	I	am	permitted	to	go.	I	have	been	here
before	many	times,	so	I	know	this.	Plus,	I	am	the	only	taxi	in	town.”
Snowden	reached	into	his	pocket	and	withdrew	a	wad	of	U.S.	money.	He	handed	it	over
to	the	taxi	driver.
“If	this	money	is	for	my	silence,	keep	it.	I	will	not	breathe	a	word	of	this	to	anyone.	I
am	doing	this	for	free.”
Snowden	nodded	but	insisted	the	taxi	driver	take	the	money.	In	the	end,	he	did,	with	a
wide	 smile	 just	 as	 a	 man	 emerged	 from	 a	 small	 shack	 off	 to	 the	 left	 of	 the	 plane	 and
helicopter.	He	let	loose	with	a	long	stream	of	Spanish	that	the	driver	returned	in	kind.
“He	said	we	cannot	come	here;	we	must	go	back	because	he	did	not	get	a	call	we	were
coming.	I	told	him	the	cell	phones	are	not	working	and	that	Senor	Mezaluma	is	asleep	in
the	backseat	and	to	help	you	put	him	on	the	plane.	He	says	he	will	not	do	that.”
“Really!”	Callahan	drawled.	He	walked	six	short	steps	to	the	pilot	and	hit	him	square	in
the	jaw.	He	dropped	to	the	ground	and	went	still.	To	the	driver,	he	said,	“Vamoose.	We	can
take	it	from	here.	We’ll	tie	him	up	and	put	him	in	the	shack.	Tell	someone	to	cut	him	loose
in	six	or	seven	hours.	Not	a	minute	before.	Comprende?”
“Si.	Si.”
It	took	every	bit	of	muscle	both	men	had	to	drag	the	drugged	man	in	the	backseat	out	of
the	taxi.	They	let	him	fall	to	the	ground.	They	then	dragged	the	surly	pilot,	not	caring	if	he
got	 road	 burn	 on	 his	 body,	 over	 to	 the	 shack.	 They	 pushed	 him	 in,	 duct-taped	 him	 with
tape	 from	 Callahan’s	 backpack,	 and	 shut	 the	 door.	 They	 sprinted	 back	 across	 the	 rutted
tarmac	to	where	Mezaluma	was	still	out	cold.
“Man,	would	you	look	at	that!”	Callahan	said,	pointing	to	the	helicopter.	“I’d	give	my
eye	teeth	for	one	of	those	babies.	It’s	a	Black	Hawk.	Where	in	the	hell	did	that	guy	get	one
of	those?	And	it’s	new!”	he	said,	his	voice	betraying	his	outrage.
“You	want	one	of	those?”	Snowden	asked.
“I’d	 kill	 for	 one	 of	 those.	 Even	 I,	 with	 all	 my	 government	 and	 military	 connections,
can’t	get	one.”
“So	 let’s	 take	 it	 instead	 of	 the	 plane,	 assuming	 you	 can	 fly	 it.	 When	 we	 get	 to	 your
place,	we	leave	it	behind	and	take	one	of	your	planes	to	D.C.	That	works	for	me.”
“Just	like	that,	we	steal	a	Black	Hawk?”

“Yeah,	just	like	that.	Who	is	going	to	complain?	Not	that	guy	in	the	shack—it	happened
on	his	watch,	and	besides,	no	one	in	this	jerkwater	town	cares	about	the	man’s	helicopter.
You	can	fly	it,	right?”
“I	can	fly	anything	that	has	wings.	Okay,	let’s	get	this	guy	aboard	and	hit	the	clouds.	We
shouldn’t	have	any	trouble	getting	clearance	from	here	since	he’s	who	he	is.	I’ll	call	a	guy
I	know	on	the	U.S.	side	letting	him	know	I’m	the	pilot	of	this	rig.	Haven’t	you	figured	out
yet	that	it’s	not	what	you	know,	it’s	who	you	know?”
Snowden	 laughed	 as	 he	 helped	 pull,	 drag,	 and	 push	 the	 overweight	 devil	 onto	 the
helicopter.	When	they	had	him	secure,	Callahan	checked	everything,	and	within	minutes,
they	were	airborne.	He	set	the	Black	Hawk	down	fifteen	minutes	later	on	U.S.	soil.	The
two	men	high-fived	one	another	as	they	eyed	the	sleeping	man	strapped	into	his	seat.
“We	have	at	least	another	fifteen	minutes	for	my	people	to	get	here	to	transport	him	to
my	plane.	Then	I	want	to	park	this	baby	in	my	space.	Snowden,	are	you	sure	I	can	keep
this	bird?”
“Sure	 as	 I’m	 standing	 here.	 The	 paperwork	 is	 on	 you,	 though.	 I	 do	 know	 a	 few	 …
forgers	who	can	help	you	through	the	process.”	Snowden	cackled	at	his	own	wit.
“Probably	the	same	ones	I	know,”	Callahan	said	gleefully.
While	 they	 waited,	 they	 tried	 to	 reach	 Callahan’s	 agents,	 but	 there	 was	 no	 response.
Snowden	 looked	 worried.	 “My	 people	 do	 not	 fail.	 If	 they	 aren’t	 answering	 their	 sat
phones,	 that	 means	 they	 are	 otherwise	 occupied.	 I	 had	 no	 idea	 you	 Brits	 were	 such
worrywarts.”
“And	I	had	no	idea	you	Americans	are	such	cocky	sons	of	bitches.”
“Trust	me,	okay,	my	people	will	deliver.	By	the	time	we’re	ready	to	head	to	D.C.,	we’ll
know	what	they	know	and	the	information	will	be	in	Sir	Charles’s	hands.”
Back	 in	 the	 Tijuana	 neighborhood,	 where	 Beteo	 Mezaluma	 resided	 with	 his	 beautiful
wife	 and	 pretty	 little	 daughter,	 things	 were	 going	 well,	 indeed.	 Elena	 Mezaluma	 was
showing	 Patty	 and	 Susy	 where	 her	 husband	 kept	 his	 records.	 “He	 does	 not	 trust
computers.	 He	 writes	 everything	 down.	 All	 his	 devil	 work	 is	 chronicled	 in	 these	 four
ledgers.	What	else	do	you	need	from	me	or	need	me	to	do?”
Susy	explained	about	her	daughter	and	the	dress-up	outfits	she	wanted	the	little	girl	to
try	on	so	they	could	take	pictures.	Patty	pulled	out	a	long	blond	wig	made	especially	for
young	cancer	victims	and	explained	in	detail	what	she	wanted	and	hoped	to	gain	with	her
and	her	daughter’s	cooperation.	Elena	reluctantly	agreed.
“What’s	going	to	happen	to	us	now?”	Elena	asked	fearfully.
“Nothing.	Other	than	you	are	free	of	him.	You	can	stay	in	this	house,	or	you	can	return
to	your	family.	Everything	here	now	belongs	to	you.	You	also	inherit	whichever	aircraft
my	 confederates	 did	 not	 take,	 so	 I’d	 sell	 that	 first	 thing	 before	 someone	 confiscates	 it,”
Susy	 said	 as	 she	 neatly	 aligned	 all	 the	 costumes	 she’d	 brought	 for	 the	 little	 girl.	 “I	 got
these	at	a	shop	that	makes	costumes	for	little	girls	who	enter	beauty	pageants.	I’ll	leave
them	with	you	so	your	daughter	and	her	friends	can	play	dress-up.	Fetch	your	daughter,
please;	we’re	in	a	bit	of	a	hurry.”

*	*	*
Five	hours	later,	when	Duke	Callahan	shut	down	his	private	plane,	all	the	information
his	operatives	had	gathered	was	in	Sir	Charles’s	hands,	and	his	team	was	safely	back	in	the
Chula	Vista	office,	congratulating	themselves	on	a	job	well	done.	All	of	them	knew	there
would	be	a	generous	bonus	in	their	next	paycheck	because	Duke	Callahan	was	a	generous,
fair-minded	boss.
“There’s	our	ride,”	Snowden	said.
“Where?”	Callahan	said,	straining	to	see	through	the	foggy	glass.	“Ah,	the	ambulance!”
“That	devil	is	going	to	wake	up	in	about	twenty	minutes.	We	need	to	be	on	our	way	out
to	 the	 farm.	 The	 ambulance	 will	 follow,	 with	 siren	 screaming,	 and	 we’ll	 be	 going	 a
hundred	miles	an	hour.	Be	prepared.”
“I	gotta	say,	Snowden,	I	like	your	style.	You	can	come	work	for	me	anytime.”
“How	about	you	come	work	for	me?”	Snowden	shot	back.
“You	can’t	afford	me.”	Callahan	grinned.
“You	sure	about	that?”	Snowden	inquired	slyly.
“Where’s	our	ride?”	Callahan	asked	as	four	of	Snowden’s	men	loaded	the	gurney	into
the	back	of	the	ambulance.	“What	about	the	paperwork?”
“All	 taken	 care	 of.	 Our	 ride	 is	 over	 there,”	 Snowden	 said,	 pointing	 to	 a	 sleek	 silver
Maserati.
*	*	*
The	messenger	from	Quick	Fast	Service	entered	the	Sofitel	hotel	right	on	schedule.	In
his	right	hand	he	carried	an	elegant	embossed	envelope.	He	was	dressed	impeccably,	in	a
crisp	blue	company	uniform.	He	walked	over	to	the	registration	desk	and	said,	“Can	you
please	tell	me	who	is	in	charge	of	the	Messrs.	Karas?	I	want	to	deliver	this	envelope	to
him	or	her,	as	the	case	may	be.”
The	 clerk	 pointed	 to	 the	 far	 side	 of	 the	 lobby.	 “I	 believe	 it	 is	 the	 man	 seated	 in	 the
burgundy	chair	nearest	the	elevator.	If	it	isn’t	he,	I’m	sure	he	can	tell	you	who	it	is,”	she
said	politely.
The	messenger	made	his	way	to	the	burgundy	chair	and	said,	“Excuse	me,	sir.	The	clerk
at	the	desk	said	you	are	in	charge	of	security	for	the	Messrs.	Karas.	I	have	a	letter	here
from	 Countess	 Anna	 de	 Silva.	 I	 was	 told	 to	 deliver	 it	 and	 to	 wait	 fifteen	 minutes	 for	 a
response.	Can	you	please	deliver	it?	I’ll	wait	over	there	on	the	gray	chair.	I	cannot	wait
longer	than	fifteen	minutes.	We	need	to	be	clear	on	that,	sir.”
The	man,	whose	name	was	Adolpho,	reached	for	the	envelope,	sniffed	it,	shook	it,	and
nodded.	He	walked	over	to	the	elevator	and	pressed	the	button	that	would	take	him	to	the
floor	where	the	Karas	brothers	were.	After	leaving	the	elevator,	he	didn’t	bother	to	knock
but	 simply	 opened	 the	 door	 and	 walked	 into	 a	 lavish	 suite	 of	 rooms.	 Ryland	 looked	 up
from	 where	 he	 was	 sitting,	 annoyed	 that	 the	 symphony	 he	 was	 listening	 to	 was	 being
interrupted.

His	 head	 of	 security	 handed	 over	 the	 envelope.	 “The	 messenger	 said	 that	 his
instructions	 were	 to	 wait	 fifteen	 minutes	 and	 leave	 if	 you	 don’t	 respond.	 What	 do	 you
want	me	to	do?”
Roland	held	up	his	hand,	which	meant	wait.
“What	is	it?”	Roland	asked.
“A	 luncheon	 invitation	 for	 tomorrow	 at	 the	 countess’s	 country	 estate.	 There’s	 a	 map
giving	directions.	Quick,	Roland,	call	our	benefactor	and	find	out	what	he	wants	us	to	do.”
“It	went	to	voice	mail.”
“Keep	trying.	I’m	not	sure	we	should	be	making	this	decision	on	our	own,	and	the	clock
is	ticking,”	Ryland	said,	his	eyes	on	his	Rolex	watch.
“Still	no	answer.	It’s	not	unusual.	Just	say	yes,	and	if	we	have	to	cancel,	then	we	cancel.
Assuming	we	are	able	to	reach	our	benefactor.	He	still	isn’t	answering.	Go	with	yes.”
Ryland	looked	down	at	the	invitation	and	bit	down	on	his	lower	lip.	This	was	a	coup	of
sorts.	 Yes,	 it	 was	 short	 notice,	 but	 the	 countess	 was	 known	 for	 being	 eccentric.	 Finally,
with	five	minutes	to	spare,	he	nodded	to	the	security	man	and	said,	“Tell	the	messenger	we
will	be	delighted	to	attend	tomorrow’s	luncheon.”
The	security	man	left	the	room	and	literally	ran	down	the	hall	to	the	stairway,	which	he
took	because	the	elevator	was	too	slow.	He	took	the	steps	three	at	a	time.	He	made	it	to	the
lobby	just	as	the	messenger	was	getting	out	of	his	chair	and	preparing	to	leave.	Breathless,
he	 said,	 “The	 Messrs.	 Karas	 will	 be	 delighted	 to	 attend	 the	 countess’s	 luncheon
tomorrow.”
The	messenger	simply	nodded	and	left	the	hotel.	The	moment	he	was	outside,	he	called
Maggie	and	said,	“He	said	yes,	and	they	will	be	delighted	to	attend.”	He	could	not	keep
himself	from	laughing	at	Maggie’s	whoop	of	joy.
Maggie	clicked	on	her	phone,	and	before	Charles	could	even	say	hello,	she	announced,
“It’s	a	go.	They	will	attend.	Anything	going	on	that	I	missed?”
“Not	a	thing,	dear.”
“Okay,	then,	Ted	and	I	are	on	our	way	back	to	the	farm.	See	ya.”
*	*	*
It	 was	 a	 hair-raising	 ride	 out	 to	 Pinewood,	 one	 Duke	 Callahan	 said	 he	 would	 never
forget.	Nor	would	he	forget	the	people	he	met,	the	two	strange	dogs	whom	he	later	swore
knew	what	he	was	thinking	before	he	knew	it	himself,	the	dungeons,	the	war	room,	and
the	 cell	 where	 Beteo	 Mezaluma	 now	 slept	 and	 the	 Triad	 from	 China	 that	 stared	 at	 him
stone	faced.
“A	package	arrived	by	…	mysterious	means	about	fifteen	minutes	before	you	arrived.
It’s	 addressed	 to	 you,	 Mr.	 Callahan.	 I	 think	 it	 was	 flown	 here	 by	 a	 military	 jet.	 Is	 that
possible?”	Charles	queried.
Callahan	 laughed.	 “You	 know	 that	 old	 saying,	 it’s	 not	 what	 you	 know,	 it’s	 who	 you
know.	It’s	your	new	guest’s	records	in	ledger	form.	It’s	all	in	there	except	for	one	thing.

The	names	of	the	freighters,	the	boats,	the	ships	that	transport	the	children.”	He	handed	it
over	with	a	wild	flourish.	“You	got	any	cold	beer	around	here?	Anything	but	Mexican	beer
will	be	fine.”
Dennis	rushed	to	the	refrigerator	and	reached	for	a	bottle	of	good	old	American	beer,
Budweiser,	 even	 if	 the	 company	 that	 made	 it	 had	 its	 headquarters	 in	 Belgium.	 Callahan
downed	 it	 in	 one	 gulp	 and	 asked	 for	 another.	 Dennis	 happily	 obliged.	 He	 liked	 this	 big
bear	of	a	man.
“Oh,	and	a	cuppa	tea	for	my	British	friend	here.”
“Now	what?”	Jack	asked.
“We	head	for	the	war	room,	talk	to	our	new	guest,	and	show	him	how	we	do	things	here
at	the	farm.	Not	to	be	confused	with	The	Farm	otherwise	known	as	the	CIA,”	Charles	said,
menace	ringing	in	his	voice.

Chapter	Eighteen

The	parade	to	the	living	room	and	the	secret	panel	that	would	lead	them	down	to	the	war
room	was	made	in	silence.	Almost.
“What	the	hell,	Harry!”	Ky	hissed.
“You	 ain’t	 seen	 nothing	 yet.	 I	 keep	 telling	 you,	 Ky,	 this	 is	 not	 a	 Mickey	 Mouse
operation.	Just	go	with	the	flow	here,	okay?”
As	 always,	 the	 gang	 saluted	 Lady	 Justice	 the	 minute	 Charles	 turned	 on	 all	 the	 lights.
The	 Triad	 whistled	 softly	 as	 they	 looked	 around	 at	 the	 renovations	 Isabelle	 had	 done	 to
this	particular	section	of	the	dungeon.
“I	saw	a	program	on	TV	once	of	NORAD.	This	kind	of	looks	like	it,”	Ling	said	in	awe,
as	he	and	his	two	colleagues	looked	on,	their	mouths	open,	their	eyes	glazed	at	what	they
were	seeing.
“No	one	knows	of	this	place?”	Momo	asked.
“Only	those	we	want	to	know,”	Jack	said.	“And	now	you	know.”
“How	long	have	you	been	doing	this,	Harry?”	Ky	whispered.
“What?	 You	 writing	 a	 book	 or	 something?	 The	 short	 answer	 is	 a	 long	 time.	 Now	 be
quiet	and	observe	the	object	of	this	mission.	The	hydra.”
Beteo	 Mezaluma	 sat	 on	 the	 narrow	 bed	 in	 the	 oversize	 cell,	 looking	 dazed	 and
miserable.	He	was	also	filthy	dirty	from	being	dragged	across	the	courtyard,	his	clothing
ripped.	He	was	barefoot;	his	leather	sandals	were	somewhere	outside.	His	fat	feet	were	as
dirty	as	the	rest	of	him,	his	toenails	like	claws.	“When	we	couldn’t	decide	how	to	get	him
down	the	moss-covered	steps	because	of	his	girth,	we	put	him	on	his	already	bruised	back,
gave	him	a	shove,	and	he	slid	down	to	the	bottom	to	land	in	a	heap,”	Jack	said.
“Where	is	this	place?	You	kidnapped	me!	I	will	have	you	killed	and	not	shed	a	tear	over
your	deaths,”	Mezaluma	snarled.
“Now,	 that’s	 pretty	 funny	 seeing	 as	 how	 you’re	 in	 a	 cell,	 and	 we’re	 out	 here.	 But	 to
answer	your	question,	you	are	in	Virginia	in	the	United	States.	We	flew	you	here	earlier
today.”	 Pointing	 to	 Snowden	 and	 Callahan,	 Jack	 said,	 “These	 two	 gentlemen,	 your	 two
new	best	friends,	brought	you	here.	After	they	stole	your	Black	Hawk	helicopter.	I	think
by	now	your	Learjet	is	in	San	Diego.	Your	wife	said	she	didn’t	want	it.	Waste	not,	want
not.”
“Bastards!”	A	string	of	Spanish	profanity	followed.
“Speak	English,	or	I’ll	knock	your	teeth	out,”	Snowden	said.
“Takes	one	to	know	one.”	Callahan	grinned.
“What	we	have	here	are	all	your	records.”	Charles	held	up	the	four	thick	ledgers	that
had	just	arrived.	“You	are	the	scum	of	the	earth,	Senor	Mezaluma.	What	is	not	recorded	in
these	ledgers	are	the	names	of	the	freighters,	the	ships,	the	boats,	along	with	their	routes
and	dates	for	the	transportation	of	the	children	you	kidnap.	That’s	what	we	want	from	you

now.”
“I	don’t	know	what	you’re	talking	about.	I	deliver	produce.	Nothing	more.”
Jack	 whipped	 around	 and	 asked	 who	 had	 Mezaluma’s	 cell	 phone.	 Callahan	 handed	 it
over.	“This	is	your	cell	phone,	you	fat	toad.	We	took	down	the	cell	tower	so	you	wouldn’t
be	able	to	use	it.	We	listened	to	the	messages	and	you	have	seventeen	calls	from	the	Karas
brothers.	You	do	know	who	they	are,	don’t	you?	They	are	the	two	stooges	who	do	your
dirty	work,	along	with	a	whole	army	of	perverts	like	yourself.	Now	this	is	what	you	are
going	to	do.	I	am	going	to	write	down	on	paper	what	you	are	to	say	when	you	call	them
back.	Do	you	understand	what	I	just	said?”
Another	string	of	fast	and	furious	Spanish	ripped	from	Mezaluma’s	mouth.
Callahan	opened	the	cell	door	and	punched	the	fat	little	man	square	in	the	mouth.	Teeth
flew	in	all	directions.	The	fat	little	man	howled	as	blood	filled	his	mouth.	“I	told	you	to
speak	 English.	 I	 warned	 you	 what	 I	 would	 do.	 There	 is	 a	 lady	 present,	 so	 do	 not	 do	 it
again.	Do	you	understand	what	I	just	said?	Nod	yes	if	you	do.”
Mezaluma’s	head	bobbed	up	and	down.
Dennis	 moved	 off	 to	 return	 with	 a	 roll	 of	 paper	 towels.	 He	 handed	 them	 to	 Callahan,
who	in	turn	ripped	off	several	sheets	and	handed	them	to	their	guest,	who	tried	to	staunch
the	flow	of	blood	from	his	mouth	with	shaking	hands.	“Barbarians!”	he	spat.
Jack	stepped	forward	with	a	sheet	of	yellow	paper	torn	from	a	legal	tablet.	He	had	used
a	 black	 grease	 pencil	 and	 printed	 what	 he	 wanted	 Mezaluma’s	 responses	 to	 be	 once	 the
call	was	made	to	the	Karas	brothers.	“Here’s	the	drill,	you	fat	pig.	We	dial	the	number,	and
you	say	only	what	is	on	this	paper.”
“Don’t	trust	him,”	Allison	snarled.
Harry	looked	at	the	Triad.	“What’s	your	thought	on	a	four-way?”
The	Triad	pondered	the	question.	“Seems	like	a	viable	solution.”	Ky	grinned.
“Everyone	out	of	the	cell	but	our	guest,”	Harry	said	as	he	stepped	forward,	followed	by
the	Triad.	Ky	and	Ling	jerked	both	of	Mezaluma’s	arms	as	far	back	as	they	could.	Harry
and	 Momo	 each	 grabbed	 a	 thigh	 and	 jerked	 backward.	 Mezaluma’s	 dirty	 feet	 left	 the
ground,	leaving	him	suspended	in	midair.	“Now,	this	is	how	it’s	going	to	work.	You	say
what	is	on	the	paper,	nothing	else.	You	even	try	to	say	something	other	than	that	and	we
will	snap	every	joint	in	your	body	and	leave	you	here	to	die.	Nod	if	you	are	willing	to	do
what	my	colleague	asks	of	you.”	Mezaluma’s	head	bobbed.
Jack	pressed	the	digits	to	the	Karas	brothers’	cell	phone.	It	was	picked	up	on	the	first
ring.	“Speak!”
“This	is	Ryland,	sir.	We	have	been	trying	to	reach	you	all	day.”
“Cell	tower	went	down,”	Mezaluma	lisped.
“You	sound	…	different,	sir.”
“I	was	at	the	dentist.	Why	did	you	call	me?”
“We	 got	 a	 luncheon	 invitation	 for	 tomorrow	 from	 Countess	 de	 Silva.	 We	 wanted	 to

know	if	we	should	attend	or	not.	This	is	what	will	decide	if	we	are	put	on	the	list	that	I
told	 you	 about.	 When	 we	 couldn’t	 reach	 you,	 and	 the	 messenger	 was	 waiting	 for	 a
response,	I	said	yes.	But	we	can	cancel	if	you	say	so.”
“Yes,	attend	and	apprise	me	of	what	went	on	when	you	return.”
“Yes,	sir.	Anything	else?”
Harry	gave	Mezaluma’s	arm	a	good	hard	yank,	and	Ky	did	the	same	thing.
“No.”	Short	and	sweet.	Jack	disconnected	the	call.
Harry	and	the	Triad	dropped	Mezaluma,	who	was	now	openly	crying	and	still	spitting
blood.	Everyone	tiptoed	around	the	mess	on	the	floor	to	return	to	the	corridor	outside	the
cell.
Charles	stepped	forward,	the	ledgers	in	his	hands.	“We	know	these	belong	to	you.	Your
wife	gave	them	to	us.	I	commend	you	on	your	meticulous	record	keeping.	Everything	you
recorded	will	go	a	long	way	with	the	authorities	to	prove	you	are	the	head	of	the	humantrafficking	and	drug	ring	that	has	so	successfully	worked	for	you	for	many	years.	The	head
count,	the	dollar	amounts	paid	for	the	children,	the	number	of	pounds	and	crates	of	drugs.
We	knew	about	the	funeral	homes	and	the	nail	salons,	and	these	ledgers	confirm	it	all.	It’s
over	now.	Except	for	one	thing.	We	need	the	names	of	the	freighters,	the	boats,	the	ships,
the	cargo-transportation	methods.	We	need	their	sailing	records.”
“I	 do	 not	 know	 what	 you	 are	 talking	 about.	 Those	 are	 not	 my	 ledgers.	 I	 sell	 and
transport	produce,”	Mezaluma	snarled.
“Bullshit!”	Callahan	said.
“Maybe	 this	 will	 help	 you	 to	 remember,”	 Charles	 said	 as	 he	 withdrew	 eight-by-ten
glossy	 colored	 pictures	 of	 Mezaluma’s	 daughter,	 Alicia,	 wearing	 a	 curly	 blond	 wig.	 He
showed	him	six	different	provocative	pictures.	“Tell	us	what	we	want	to	know,	or	she	goes
on	 the	 auction	 block.	 None	 of	 the	 bidders	 will	 know	 her	 hair	 isn’t	 blond	 until	 they	 take
possession	of	her.	You	know	what	will	happen	then,	don’t	you?	They	will	send	her	out	on
the	circuit.	She’ll	be	dead	in	a	year,	two	at	the	most.	And	then	the	people	you	do	business
with	 won’t	 want	 to	 trade	 with	 you	 anymore	 because	 you	 are	 a	 dishonest	 man.	 What’s	 it
going	to	be,	Senor	Mezaluma?”
The	fat	little	toad	sitting	on	the	bed	started	to	blubber.
“Oh,	dear,	I	forgot	something.	We	stole	all	your	money.	Abner,	show	Senor	Mezaluma
his	various	accounts.	We	did	get	them	all,	didn’t	we?	As	a	reminder,	we	now	own	your
Black	Hawk,	and	the	Learjet	has	almost	certainly	been	sold	by	your	wife	to	provide	for
her	and	your	daughter,”	Charles	said.
“Yes,	indeedy,	we	got	them	all.	He’s	a	pauper.	He	couldn’t	buy	an	all-day	sucker	if	he
wanted	to,”	Abner	said	proudly.
Abner	 stepped	 into	 the	 cell	 and	 held	 up	 his	 laptop.	 “Read	 it	 and	 weep,	 you	 filthy,
perverted,	disgusting	son	of	a	bitch!”
The	 gang	 watched	 as	 disbelief	 at	 what	 Mezaluma	 was	 seeing	 registered,	 followed	 at
first	by	anger,	then	outrage.	He	started	to	curse	and	shake	at	the	same	time.

“Imagine	 making	 all	 that	 money	 selling	 produce!”	 Abner	 chortled.	 “We’re	 all	 in	 the
wrong	business.”
Charles	 waved	 the	 pictures	 of	 Mezaluma’s	 daughter	 in	 front	 of	 him,	 waiting	 for	 a
response.
“If	I	tell	you	what	you	want	to	know,	will	you	let	me	go,	so	I	can	return	to	my	wife	and
daughter?”
“Of	course	we	will.	We	are	not	the	barbarians	you	think	we	are,”	Jack	said.
“How	do	I	know	I	can	trust	you?	Look	what	you	did	to	me.	You	threatened	to	take	my
daughter.”
“Well,	 when	 you	 put	 it	 like	 that,	 I	 guess	 I	 see	 your	 point.	 But,	 you	 have	 no	 other
options,”	Jack	said.
“I	might	as	well	be	dead,”	Mezaluma	whined.
“Well,	 that	 is	 an	 option,	 of	 course.	 The	 choice,	 of	 course,	 is	 yours.	 Do	 not	 cooperate
with	us,	and	we	can	have	you	killed	or	worse.	Cooperate	with	us,	and	we	can	release	you
to	return	to	your	wife	and	daughter.	Enough	already,	you	want	to	play	ball	or	not?”
“I	don’t	believe	this,”	Allison	said.	“That	bastard	is	actually	thinking	about	it!”
“I	don’t	trust	you.	Take	me	back	to	Tijuana;	then	I	will	tell	you	everything	you	want	to
know.”
“It	 doesn’t	 work	 that	 way,	 senor.	 Last	 chance,	 or	 those	 four	 guys	 who	 had	 you
suspended	in	the	air	for	the	phone	call	get	you	all	to	themselves,”	Jack	said	as	he	held	out
the	 yellow	 legal	 tablet	 and	 pen.	 “We’re	 going	 to	 leave	 you	 here	 for	 an	 hour.	 When	 we
return,	 if	 that	 tablet	 doesn’t	 have	 the	 information	 we	 need,	 Alicia	 is	 on	 her	 way	 to	 the
auction	block,	and	it	will	be	courtesy	of	the	Karas	brothers,	who	are	being	picked	up	as	we
speak.”
“That	will	never	happen.	They	have	a	forty-eight-man	security	team	in	place.”
“And	 we	 have	 the	 FBI,	 Homeland	 Security,	 the	 CIA,	 and	 every	 other	 agency	 in	 our
nation’s	 capital	 at	 the	 ready.	 What	 are	 the	 odds	 of	 forty-eight	 trigger-happy	 goons
surviving	an	onslaught	like	that?”	Jack	demanded.
Mezaluma	folded	into	himself	and	curled	up	in	a	fetal	position.
“One	hour,	you	son	of	a	bitch.	If	that	tablet	isn’t	filled	up	when	we	come	back	here,	you
are	a	dead	man	or	worse.”
After	Jack	locked	the	cell	door,	the	team	turned	and	returned	to	the	kitchen.	No	one	said
a	word.	All	they	did	was	stare	off	into	space,	wondering	what	would	happen	an	hour	from
now.
“Tea	and	coffee	coming	up,”	Charles	said	cheerfully.
“This	 next	 hour	 is	 going	 to	 be	 as	 long	 as	 eternity,”	 Allison	 mumbled	 to	 no	 one	 in
particular.
“C’mon,	 Cyrus,	 let’s	 go	 for	 a	 walk,”	 Jack	 said,	 opening	 the	 kitchen	 door.	 Cyrus

scampered	outside,	followed	by	Lady	and	her	pups.	While	the	dogs	romped,	Jack	sat	down
on	Charles’s	favorite	stone	bench	under	the	three-hundred-year-old	oak	tree	that	provided
shade	from	the	hot	sun.	It	was	quiet	and	peaceful,	so	he	relaxed	and	let	his	mind	race.	So
many	children	who	would	never	be	returned	to	their	parents.	While	the	ledgers	recorded
the	sale	of	the	girls,	there	was	no	mention	of	anyone	who	bought	them	or	where	they	were
taken	after	being	purchased.	Each	child	was	given	a	number.	There	were	no	names.	The
buyers	were	designated	with	letters.	Numbers	and	letters.	How	in	the	name	of	God	could
they	track	them	down?	He	seriously	doubted	even	Mezaluma	knew	the	buyers’	names.	In
the	 end,	 all	 they	 would	 be	 able	 to	 do	 was	 alert	 the	 proper	 authorities	 to	 put	 the	 various
sailing	vessels	on	their	watch	list.	Possibly	the	captains	of	the	ships	might	be	of	help,	with
life	sentences	in	prison	staring	them	in	the	face.
Jack	knew	he	was	being	naive	to	think	his	team	or	any	agency	could	stop	the	human
trafficking.	Maybe	stop	it	for	a	little	while	until	a	new	hydra	took	over.	If	there	was	any
good	 to	 come	 out	 of	 this,	 it	 was	 that	 Abner	 had	 confiscated	 all	 of	 Mezaluma’s	 money,
which	they	could	use	to	fight	the	bastards,	so	they	never	got	a	strong	foothold	again.
And	if	they	put	their	best	people	on	it,	perhaps	they	could	identify	the	parents	of	the	lost
children	and	anonymously	send	them	some	money.	Not	that	money	would	compensate	or
even	come	close	to	taking	away	their	pain	at	their	loss.	He	had	to	give	that	some	serious
thought.	Somehow	it	didn’t	sound	right,	money	for	the	loss	of	a	child.	Maybe	a	bucket	of
blood	from	one	of	the	bad	guys	handed	over	to	a	grieving	parent.
Jack	 didn’t	 like	 where	 his	 thoughts	 were	 taking	 him.	 Decisions	 that	 would	 be	 made
would	have	to	be	made	by	professionals.
Cyrus	ambled	over	to	the	stone	bench	and	looked	up	at	Jack	as	much	as	to	say,	We’ll	get
it	done,	and	in	the	end,	it	will	be	what	it	will	be.	All	we	can	do	is	our	best.	Jack	stroked	the
big	dog’s	head	with	gentle	hands.	He	looked	toward	the	barn,	where	Allison’s	kids	were
happily	 doing	 school-type	 work	 and	 learning	 about	 farm	 animals.	 He	 smiled,	 knowing
they	were	safe	and	sound	and	would	now	have	their	mother	in	their	lives	much	more	than
before.
Jack	looked	down	at	his	watch.	Fifteen	minutes	to	go.	“You	know	what,	Cyrus?	Until
those	 three	 kids	 came	 to	 us,	 I	 never	 thought	 I	 would	 or	 could	 kill	 anyone.	 If	 someone
asked	 for	 a	 volunteer	 list	 to	 pop	 that	 Mezaluma	 guy,	 I’d	 be	 first	 in	 line.	 I	 mean	 that.”
Cyrus	just	stared	up	at	his	master.	He	tugged	at	his	trouser	leg.	Time	to	go	in.
Jack	whistled	sharply,	and	Lady	and	her	pups	raced	up	to	them,	panting.
“Time	to	go	in,	Cyrus.”
Things	were	no	different	in	the	kitchen	than	before	he	had	left.	Jack	looked	pointedly	at
the	clock,	then	at	the	gang.	“I	think	it’s	time	to	go	down	to	the	war	room.	It’s	showtime!”
No	one	was	more	surprised	than	Jack	when	he	saw	Mezaluma	scribbling	furiously	on
the	pad.	He	looked	up	and	stopped	writing.	He	waited	for	Charles	to	approach	the	cell	he
was	in.	Charles	didn’t	open	the	door,	just	stood	and	waited	for	the	man	to	hobble	over	to
him	and	hand	the	legal	tablet	to	him	through	the	bars.	He	said	nothing	as	he	made	his	way
back	to	the	bed	against	the	wall.
The	gang	retreated	to	the	war	room,	where	they	all	sat	down	at	the	table.	“It’s	all	here,

the	names	of	the	ships,	the	names	of	the	captains,	their	points	of	origin.	Where	the	ships
sailed	to.	The	number	of	passengers	disembarking	at	particular	ports.	It’s	not	as	detailed	as
I	 would	 like,	 but	 I	 doubt	 anyone	 could	 remember	 all	 those	 details.	 What	 is	 here	 will	 be
more	than	enough	for	the	proper	authorities	to	do	what	they	have	to	do.	Now,	the	question
is,	 where	 do	 we	 send	 it	 and	 to	 whom?	 After	 I	 make	 a	 dozen	 or	 so	 copies	 for	 safety
reasons.”
“Is	 there	 a	 way	 to	 fax	 it	 or	 send	 it	 through	 an	 e-mail	 from	 here	 that	 won’t	 show	 up
anywhere?”	Allison	asked.	“If	you	can	do	that,	then	I	can	tell	you	whom	to	send	it	to.”
“I	can	do	that,”	Abner	said.
Charles	looked	at	Allison.	“Are	you	sure?”
“Yes,	I’m	sure.”
“All	right	then,	I’ll	make	copies,	and	Abner,	you	do	what	you	have	to	do.”
“Since	the	CIA	can	only	deal	with	matters	that	have	a	foreign	dimension,	I	assume	you
want	this	information	sent	from	a	foreign	country	so	that	it	can	be	used	by	the	CIA,	and
they’re	given	the	credit,	as	opposed	to	the	FBI.	Am	I	right	on	that,	Allison?”	She	nodded
to	indicate	Abner	was	right.	“Okay,	then.	Whom	do	I	send	it	to?”
“Luka	 Casselli.	 He	 trained	 me	 and	 was	 my	 section	 chief	 and	 my	 handler.	 When	 you
send	 it,	 it	 has	 to	 look	 like	 it	 came	 from	 me.	 I	 have	 to	 use	 a	 code.”	 She	 scribbled	 some
numbers	and	letters	on	the	yellow	legal	pad.	“That’s	it.”
“Do	you	…	ah	…	want	to	send	a	personal	message	with	this	information?”
Allison	 grimaced.	 “You	 mean	 like,	 thanks	 for	 all	 the	 memories?	 No.	 Just	 send	 the
information	 and	 tell	 him	 the	 …	 wait	 a	 minute.	 How	 are	 we	 going	 to	 get	 the	 ledgers	 to
him?”
“How	 else	 but	 messenger?”	 Dennis	 said.	 “Plain	 brown	 paper	 tied	 with	 string.	 The
messenger	can	leave	them	at	the	guardhouse.	I	guess	that’s	the	personal	message.”
Instead	of	wrapping	the	ledgers,	Jack	pulled	on	a	pair	of	plastic	gloves	and	wiped	down
the	outside	of	all	the	ledgers	before	he	slipped	them	into	an	oversize	manila	envelope.	It
was	a	snug	fit,	but	he	managed	to	get	them	all	in.	Then	he	taped	the	envelope	shut.
Allison	 reached	 for	 the	 black	 permanent	 marker	 and	 started	 to	 write	 on	 the	 envelope.
She	addressed	it	to	Luka	Casselli	and	in	the	corner	wrote	Allison	Bannon	along	with	her
identity	code.	“Done!	It	won’t	matter	if	my	fingerprints	are	on	the	envelope	or	not.”
“Who	wants	to	take	this	into	the	village	messenger	shop?”
Espinosa	 volunteered.	 Charles	 handed	 him	 three	 one	 hundred–dollar	 bills.	 “That’s	 for
rush	 delivery,	 which	 means	 now.	 Wear	 gloves.	 Say	 you	 have	 psoriasis	 or	 something	 on
your	 hands.	 Keep	 your	 head	 down,	 your	 ball	 cap	 low	 on	 your	 face.	 Those	 places	 have
security	cameras,	and	don’t	forget	the	sunglasses.	Take	the	farm	truck.”
Charles	looked	over	at	Abner.	“Let’s	say	that	in	an	hour	from	now,	you	can	go	ahead
and	 e-mail	 Casselli,	 which	 will	 be	 as	 close	 to	 when	 the	 ledgers	 are	 delivered	 as	 we	 can
get.”

“Absolutely,”	Abner	said,	a	wicked	grin	on	his	face.
Duke	 Callahan	 stood	 up.	 “Well,	 people,	 it	 was	 nice	 meeting	 you	 all,	 but	 I	 have	 a
business	to	run,	so	I’m	going	to	be	heading	on	out.	Nice	working	with	you,	Snowden.	Like
I	said,	for	a	Brit,	you’re	okay	in	my	book.	Call	me	if	you	need	me.	I	can	find	my	way	out.
Take	care,	everyone.”
Hands	were	shaken,	a	few	back	slaps	were	exchanged,	but	it	was	Allison	who	hugged
the	big	man.	“You	take	care	and	fly	with	the	angels.”
Even	though	the	war	room	was	full,	it	seemed	empty	once	Duke	Callahan	left.
“What	are	we	going	to	do	with	the	hydra?”	Allison	asked,	hatred	ringing	in	her	voice.
Abner	raised	his	hands	like	a	schoolboy.	“As	we	all	know,	there	is	the	dark	side	to	the
Internet,	the	underbelly.	The	sick	and	depraved	live	there	in	the	darkness.	Believe	it	or	not,
there	is	a	circuit	there	for	people	like	Mezaluma.	That’s	how	they	get	their	kicks.	I’d	show
you,	but	then	it	would	be	in	your	heads	forever.	It’s	better	you	don’t	see.	I	can	get	in	touch
and	tell	them	where	to	pick	him	up.	Of	course,	you	have	to	dump	him	somewhere.”
“Then	what	happens?”	Allison	asked,	a	bite	in	her	words.
“The	 same	 thing	 that	 happens	 to	 all	 those	 children	 he	 stole	 from	 their	 parents.	 It’s
anyone’s	 guess	 how	 long	 he’ll	 last.	 The	 man	 has	 no	 conscience.	 He’ll	 get	 whatever	 he
deserves,	and	our	hands	are	clean.	In	a	manner	of	speaking.	At	least,	we	do	not	kill	him,
torture	him,	etcetera.	Before	you	do	that,	take	a	vote.	If	the	ayes	have	it,	then	we	go	for	it.”
Every	voice	in	the	room	said,	“Aye.”
“Okay,	I’ll	make	contact.	Avery,	you’re	up.	You	and	your	people	will	have	to	transport
him	to	whatever	location	they	give	me.”
Harry	looked	over	at	the	Triad	to	see	how	they	were	reacting	to	what	they’d	just	heard.
“What?	You	think	that	doesn’t	happen	in	China?	More	so	than	here.	It’s	so	common,	no
one	pays	attention	anymore.	Couldn’t	happen	to	a	nicer	guy,”	Momo	said	flippantly.
“Is	there	anything	else	to	be	done	today?	If	not,	we’re	on	for	ten	tomorrow	to	prepare
for	a	luncheon	that	won’t	take	place,	tomorrow	or	any	other	day,	right?”	Jack	asked.
Everyone	agreed.
“I’m	going	to	take	these	guys	back	to	the	dojo	so	we	can	do	some	practice	trials.	We’ll
be	here	by	ten	in	the	morning.	I	forget,	whose	car	am	I	driving?”
“Go	 ahead,	 take	 mine.	 I’ll	 walk	 home,”	 Jack	 said.	 “Cyrus	 loves	 the	 run	 through	 the
fields.”
The	others	followed	Jack	out	the	door,	Allison,	who	was	headed	for	the	barn,	the	last.
Jack	 couldn’t	 help	 but	 notice	 her	 stiff	 shoulders,	 the	 set	 of	 her	 jaw.	 She	 wanted	 Senor
Beteo	Mezaluma	dead,	and	she	wanted	to	be	the	one	to	kill	him.
“Allison,	killing	someone	is	quick	and	easy,	then	it’s	over.	You	don’t	do	that	anymore,
remember?	What’s	going	to	happen	to	that	human	piece	of	trash	is	far	worse	than	killing
him.	He	will	die,	but	it	will	be	slow.	I	can	almost	guarantee	that	very	soon	after	it	begins
he	will	be	praying	for	death.”

“I	 know.	 I	 know.	 Jack,	 how	 do	 I	 get	 rid	 of	 the	 pictures	 I	 have	 inside	 my	 head	 of	 the
thousands	 of	 children	 I	 couldn’t	 save?	 Children	 he	 put	 out	 there.	 Tell	 me	 how,”	 she
whispered.
“I	don’t	have	the	answer,	Allison.	You’re	going	to	get	on	with	your	life	with	your	kids.
Time	will	help.	A	new	life.	You	can	start	a	club	or	an	organization	that	will	help	kids.	Stay
involved.	The	rest	of	us	will	keep	up	the	fight.”
“Thanks,	Jack.	I’m	glad	I	got	to	meet	all	of	you.	See	ya	in	the	morning.”
“Yeah,	see	you	in	the	morning,”	Jack	said	softly.

Chapter	Nineteen

The	day!	At	least	that’s	how	Charles	and	the	gang	thought	of	it.
The	 gang	 was	 seated	 around	 the	 dining-room	 table	 with	 breakfast	 on	 the	 sideboard.
Something	for	everyone.	Eggs,	bacon,	sausage,	pancakes	and	waffles	with	soft	butter	and
warm	syrup,	sweet	melon.	Unlimited	coffee,	tea,	and	juice.	A	feast.
The	time	was	eight-thirty	in	the	morning.	The	sun	was	out,	and	it	looked	like	the	day
was	going	to	be	a	beautiful	one.
“Eat	hearty,	children,”	Charles	joked.	“It’s	going	to	be	a	very	long	day.”	They	obeyed,
even	the	Triad,	who,	to	Harry’s	dismay,	professed	a	love	of	all	American	food.
“I	 am	 going	 to	 violate	 my	 rule	 of	 not	 talking	 business	 at	 the	 table.	 We	 need	 to	 go
through	our	plan	one	more	time	before	you	all	leave	for	Annie’s	place.	Fergus	and	I	will
follow	after	we	square	things	away	here.”	He	looked	at	Allison	and	said,	“Margie	took	the
children	 to	 a	 location	 in	 the	 District	 that	 Avery	 provided	 earlier.	 One	 cannot	 be	 too
careful.”	Allison	merely	nodded.
“I	sure	hope	you	guys	are	as	good	as	Harry	says	you	are,”	Dennis	said	as	he	reached	for
a	crisp	strip	of	bacon	and	crunched	down	on	it	after	putting	it	in	his	mouth.	“Forty-eight
guys	is	a	serious	obstacle	to	overcome.	I	can	pitch	in	if	you	need	me.	I	only	have	a	brown
belt,	but	I	can	hold	my	own.”	He	shrugged	when	no	one	commented	on	his	offer.
“There	is	a	question	of	vehicles,”	Maggie	said.	“Ted,	Espinosa,	Dennis,	and	I	will	be	in
the	van.	Where	do	we	park	it?”
“In	the	back.	It	won’t	be	visible	from	the	front	driveway,	but	I	do	expect	the	security
team	will	do	a	walkabout,”	Fergus	replied.
“Annie’s	car	and	Jack’s	BMW	will	be	in	front.	Jack	is	the	one	who	will	open	the	door
for	the	Karas	brothers	on	their	arrival.	He’s	going	to	pose	as	Annie’s	secretary,	so	his	car
being	in	the	front	won’t	cause	alarm.	I’m	sure	they	have	a	way	to	run	the	plates	but	will
find	nothing	out	of	the	ordinary.	The	first	thing	they	will	do	will	be	to	set	up	a	perimeter.
We	need	to	figure	out	which	way	they’re	going	to	do	that,”	Charles	said.
“So	we’re	all	going	to	be	inside	at	the	outset,	is	that	right?”	Abner	asked.
“Correct,”	Charles	responded.
“What’s	 the	 plan	 if	 the	 brothers	 want	 to	 bring	 some	 of	 the	 security	 inside?”	 Allison
asked.
“A	 flat-out	 no.	 With	 a	 clarifying	 statement	 they	 are	 free	 to	 leave	 if	 they	 make	 it	 an
issue,”	 Charles	 said.	 “I	 think	 since	 this	 is	 a	 more	 or	 less	 one-on-one,	 the	 brothers	 will
agree.	 If	 I’m	 wrong,	 we’ll	 improvise	 and	 suggest	 a	 picnic	 on	 the	 veranda.	 Although	 I
doubt	that	the	Karas	brothers	even	know	what	a	picnic	is.”
“When	we	left	here	yesterday,	I	took	the	boys	over	to	Annie’s	farm	to	show	them	the
layout,”	Harry	said.	“We	did	a	few	practice	exercises	all	over	the	grounds	before	we	went
to	 the	 dojo	 and	 worked	 out.	 When	 we	 get	 out	 there,	 we’ll	 show	 you	 what	 we	 call	 our
plan.”

Cyrus	 moved,	 nudged	 Jack’s	 leg.	 The	 food	 was	 all	 gone.	 “Let’s	 get	 this	 show	 on	 the
road.”
Avery	Snowden	pushed	back	his	chair.	“And	I’m	going	to	be	where?	I	understand	I’m
here	strictly	for	mop-up	work,	but	where	do	you	want	me	stationed?	Where	do	we	park
our	SUV?”
Fergus	held	up	his	hand.	“I	think	it’s	a	mistake	to	try	to	hide	all	of	our	vehicles.	Annie’s
farm	is	a	working	farm.	Supposedly.	What	that	means	is	there	would	be	all	kinds	of	cars,
trucks,	 vans,	 farm	 equipment	 scattered	 about.	 Don’t	 you	 all	 think	 it	 will	 keep	 that	 little
army	busy	trying	to	keep	track	of	everything	if	we	leave	it	all	out	to	be	seen?”
“Good	point,”	Ky	said.	“I	vote	for	everything	out	in	the	open.”
There	 was	 some	 muttering	 among	 the	 gang,	 but	 in	 the	 end,	 everyone	 agreed	 with
Fergus’s	suggestion.
Cyrus	raced	to	the	door.
*	*	*
Annie’s	 farm	 was	 two	 miles	 down	 the	 road,	 as	 the	 crow	 flies,	 from	 Pinewood.	 The
caravan	arrived	in	short	order.	Snowden	got	out,	walked	around,	then	strategically	pointed
to	various	spots	for	everyone	to	park	their	vehicles.
“Looks	like	there’s	a	party	going	on.	We	should	have	bought	some	balloons,”	Ted	said,
laughing	out	loud.	“I	don’t	think	we’re	going	to	pose	a	problem	to	the	brothers.	Meaning,
Joe,	 Maggie,	 Dennis,	 and	 me.	 Annie	 does	 own	 the	 Post,	 after	 all,	 and	 she	 would	 want
pictures	 for	 tomorrow’s	 edition	 along	 with	 a	 write-up.	 The	 brothers	 are	 used	 to	 being
celebrities	in	their	own	right.	It’s	that	little	army	that	will	be	the	problem.”
Annie’s	 courtyard	 was	 three	 times	 as	 big	 as	 the	 one	 at	 Pinewood,	 so	 there	 was	 no
problem	doing	a	mock	drill.
“Eight	 suburbans	 parked	 here	 might	 be	 a	 problem,”	 Jack	 said	 as	 he	 shaded	 his	 eyes
from	the	sun.	“Let’s	route	them	back	toward	the	barn.	Avery,	the	first	chance	your	people
get,	disable	those	SUVs.”	Avery	nodded	his	agreement.
Charles	and	Fergus	arrived	just	as	the	group	scattered.
The	time	was	eleven-thirty.
Inside,	 the	 gang	 milled	 around	 as	 they	 checked	 out	 all	 the	 first-floor	 rooms,	 vantage
points,	window	views,	and	the	time	as	measured	in	seconds	that	it	would	take	to	get	from
one	vantage	point	to	the	next.
The	time	was	twelve	noon	when	the	gang	assembled	in	Annie’s	kitchen.
“An	hour	to	go.	I	suppose	the	Karas	brothers	might	be	fashionably	late,	but	I	doubt	it
since	the	messenger	who	delivered	the	invitation	was	firm	on	his	wait	time.	If	anything,	I
think	 they	 will	 be	 about	 ten	 minutes	 early.	 Their	 army	 will	 use	 those	 ten	 minutes	 for
surveillance;	then	they’ll	troop	on	up	to	the	veranda,”	Jack	said.
“Espinosa,	Ted,	Dennis,	and	I	will	be	in	the	sunroom,”	Maggie	said.
“Fergus	and	I	will	be	in	the	kitchen,”	Charles	said.

“I’m	 not	 sure	 why	 I’m	 even	 here,	 but	 I’ll	 be	 upstairs	 in	 the	 first	 room	 on	 the	 left,”
Abner	said.
“You’re	here	to	show	them	we	have	all	of	Mezaluma’s	money.	And	to	tell	them	their
free	ride	is	over,”	Charles	said.	“And,	of	course,	to	show	them	your	picture	gallery.”
“The	Triad,	Harry,	and	Allison	will	be	in	the	library,	where	they	will	be	waiting	for	Jack
once	he	opens	the	door,	impersonating	Annie’s	secretary,”	Charles	said.
“You	still	want	me	and	my	people	in	the	greenhouse?	We	will	be	visible,	bear	that	in
mind,”	Snowden	said.
“I	wonder	if	…	I	wonder	if	the	brothers	will	send	out	an	advance	guard,	so	to	speak.
Say	 four	 of	 the	 SUVs,	 which	 would	 mean	 twenty-four	 guards,”	 Snowden	 mused	 half	 to
himself	and	half	to	the	others.	“We	need	to	take	that	into	consideration.	They	might	even
want	to	check	the	inside	of	the	house.	That	is	a	real	possibility,	now	that	I	think	of	it.”
“That’s	 not	 going	 to	 happen.	 The	 part	 about	 their	 coming	 into	 the	 house,”	 Jack	 said.
Cyrus	threw	back	his	head	and	howled,	which	meant	he	was	in	total	agreement.
Allison	Bannon	threw	her	hands	high	in	the	air,	a	disgusted	expression	on	her	face.	“I
just	remembered	something	I	read	about	the	brothers.	Damn	it,	I	can’t	remember	if	it’s	that
they	are	allergic	to	dogs	and	cats	or	they’re	afraid	of	them.	When	I	read	it,	I	must	have
glossed	over	it,	thinking	it	wasn’t	relevant	to	the	case.	But	yeah,	it’s	one	or	the	other.”
Jack	burst	out	laughing.	“Ferg,	how	many	barn	cats	you	got	out	there	in	yonder	barn?”
he	drawled.
“I	know	the	answer.	Nine!”	Allison	shouted.
“Snowden,	go	scoop	them	all	up	and	bring	them	in	here.	That	should	liven	things	up	a
bit,”	Jack	said,	still	laughing.
The	time	was	12:40	when	Snowden	and	his	people	set	down	all	nine	hissing,	snarling
cats	that	didn’t	seem	to	know	what	to	do.
“They’ll	 figure	 it	 out,”	 Charles	 said.	 “Okay,	 everyone,	 go	 to	 your	 stations	 and	 stay
sharp.”
That	left	Charles,	Fergus,	Jack,	and	Cyrus,	along	with	the	nine	squalling	cats	that	still
didn’t	know	what	to	do.	Cyrus	barked	incessantly	as	he	tried	to	shoo	them	off	in	different
directions.	When	the	cats	stayed	clustered,	he	gave	one	of	them	a	gentle	swat	with	one	of
his	big	paws.	That	did	the	trick,	and	the	cats	hightailed	it	in	different	directions.
The	 time	 was	 12:50	 when	 they	 heard	 the	 sound	 of	 the	 first	 vehicle	 approaching	 the
house.	The	sound	increased	as	seven	more	SUVs	followed	suit.	“Sounds	like	a	supersonic
jet,”	Jack	said,	and	grinned.	“How	do	I	look?”
“Like	 a	 slob,”	 Fergus	 replied,	 laughing.	 “Annie	 would	 never	 let	 you	 work	 for	 her
dressed	 in	 cutoff	 shorts,	 sandals,	 and	 a	 T-shirt	 that	 …	 well,	 it’s	 better	 left	 unsaid.	 Our
guests	will	get	the	tone	of	the	message.”
Cyrus	 was	 quivering	 from	 head	 to	 toe	 in	 excitement.	 The	 cats	 were	 back	 circling	 the
kitchen	at	a	dazzling	speed.

The	 moment	 the	 doorbell	 rang,	 Jack	 smoothed	 down	 his	 hair	 and	 walked	 out	 of	 the
kitchen,	 Cyrus	 at	 his	 side.	 He	 opened	 the	 door	 with	 a	 wide	 flourish,	 a	 questioning
expression	on	his	face	as	he	stared	at	two	men	who	towered	over	him.	“I’m	the	countess’s
personal	secretary.	Today	is	my	day	off,	but	I	agreed	to	stay	on	to	help	with	her	luncheon.
And	you	are?”
“The	Messrs.	Karas’s	security	team.	We’d	like	to	inspect	the	premises	before	they	enter.
It’s	standard	protocol	for	our	employer.”
“Well,	now,	you	see,	that’s	not	possible.	No	one	crosses	this	threshold	unless	they	are
invited.	That’s	one	of	the	countess’s	pet	rules.	You	can	fetch	your	employers,	but	you	may
not	come	in.	It’s	just	the	way	it	is.	Kind	of	take	it	or	leave	it,	if	you	get	my	drift,”	Jack,	in
the	guise	of	the	put-upon	secretary,	said	breezily.
“The	dog	has	to	go.”
“Where?”	Jack	pretended	not	to	understand	just	as	two	of	the	barn	cats	streaked	across
the	foyer.	It	was	all	he	could	do	to	stifle	his	laughter.	“Sorry	again,	the	dog	stays.”
“Cats!	There	are	cats	here,	too!”	both	security	men	said	in	unison.
“Yep.	Nine	in	total.	The	countess	loves	them;	they	all	have	royal	names,	too.	So,	what’s
it	 going	 to	 be?	 We	 going	 to	 stand	 here	 in	 the	 doorway	 talking	 about	 animals	 or	 is	 your
boss,	 as	 in	 plural,	 coming	 for	 lunch?	 Like	 I	 said,	 this	 is	 my	 day	 off,	 and	 I’ve	 already
wasted	half	of	it	on	this	pissant	luncheon.”
Both	 security	 men	 backed	 off.	 “We	 will,	 as	 you	 suggest,	 speak	 with	 our	 boss	 to	 see
what	they,	as	in	plural,	want	to	do.”
“Looks	like	an	army	out	there,”	Jack	said,	craning	his	neck	to	see	where	the	SUVs	were
positioned.	“You’d	better	snap	to	it,	guys,	the	countess	is	hell	on	wheels	when	it	comes	to
punctuality.	It’s	five	minutes	past	the	hour	now.	You	have	maybe	seven	minutes,	or	else
you	can	head	on	out.”
The	 two	 guards	 raced	 to	 the	 cluster	 of	 SUVs	 and	 yanked	 open	 the	 door	 of	 the	 car
containing	 the	 Karas	 brothers.	 “You	 have	 seven	 minutes	 to	 decide	 to	 go	 in	 or	 not.	 No
security	is	permitted	inside.	And	…	there	are	cats	and	one	massive	dog	inside.	What	do
you	want	to	do?”
“I	knew	this	was	a	mistake,”	Ryland	said	as	he	climbed	out,	shook	his	jacket	into	place,
and	strode	forward.	Roland	followed.	“Since	we’re	here	already,	we	might	as	well	suffer
through	what	is	sure	to	be	a	beastly	luncheon.	Stay	close.”
“They	say	the	countess	is	eccentric,”	Roland	said.
“We	follow	orders,”	Ryland	snapped.
The	 door	 opened	 before	 Ryland	 could	 ring	 the	 bell.	 Jack	 stretched	 his	 neck	 to	 see	 if
anyone	 had	 followed	 the	 two	 brothers.	 He	 swallowed	 hard	 as	 he	 saw	 the	 solid	 flank	 of
men	surrounding	the	eight	SUVs.
“James	 Emerson,	 the	 countess’s	 private	 secretary,”	 Jack	 said,	 extending	 his	 hand.	 He
noted	 the	 brothers’s	 buffed	 and	 polished	 nails.	 “The	 countess	 is	 running	 a	 tad	 behind
today.	She	asked	me	to	escort	you	to	the	solarium.	She	said	you	are	both	avid	connoisseurs

of	 fine	 art.	 You	 can	 view	 her	 art	 gallery,	 which	 I	 must	 say	 is	 quite	 impressive.	 She	 has
several	original	Monets	and	two	original	Rembrandts.”
Mystified	at	this	strange	behavior,	the	brothers	had	no	other	choice	but	to	follow	Jack,
who	was	apologizing	profusely,	babbling	actually,	about	his	day	off	and	his	casual	dress.
“The	 countess	 should	 be	 done	 polishing	 her	 tiara	 by	 now.	 I	 will	 advise	 her	 that	 you’re
waiting	 for	 her.	 Enjoy	 your	 luncheon,	 sirs.”	 He	 couldn’t	 help	 but	 notice	 the	 two	 men
sniffing	for	cooking	aromas,	which	were,	of	course,	nonexistent.
Jack	suddenly	moved	sideways	to	avoid	stepping	on	one	of	the	cruising	barn	cats.	Cyrus
barked.	The	cat	hissed	and	snarled.
“Good	God,	is	that	a	cat?”
“I	believe	it	is.	Ah,	yes,	that’s	Smokey	Joe.	He’s	the	countess’s	favorite.	Ah,	here	comes
Yogi	Bear,	and	the	third	one	is	Fred.	They’re	the	ordinary	cats.	I	have	no	idea	where	the
royal	ones	are.	Enjoy	the	artwork,	sirs.”
Not	to	be	outdone,	and	just	for	fun,	Cyrus	ambled	over	to	the	brothers,	who	appeared	to
be	clutching	at	one	another,	and	showed	them	his	pearly	whites.	Then	he	growled,	after
which	 he	 let	 loose	 with	 a	 mighty	 howl	 that	 scared	 the	 three	 cats	 so	 badly,	 they	 ran	 for
cover.
“You	 just	 had	 to	 do	 that,	 didn’t	 you.	 Show-off.”	 Jack	 laughed	 as	 he	 headed	 for	 the
library	to	meet	up	with	the	Triad	and	the	others.
“Ah,	just	in	time,”	Harry	said.	“We	were	just	about	to	get	dressed.”
“Dressed	for	what?”	Jack	asked.
Harry	tossed	him	a	lump	of	some	black	material.	“What	is	it?”
“Your	ninja	outfit!”	Allison	snapped.	“It’s	for	shock	and	awe,	and	one	size	fits	all.”
“Whatever,”	Jack	said	as	he	donned	his	new	black	garb.	Cyrus	prowled	and	growled	at
these	 strange	 goings-on.	 Jack’s	 assessment	 when	 everyone	 was	 fully	 dressed	 was,	 “If	 I
look	half	as	scary	as	the	rest	of	you,	this	should	be	a	win-win	for	us.”	He	looked	down	at
Cyrus.	“Remember	what	I	told	you	the	other	day—it’s	all	about	the	eyes.	See,	all	that	is
visible	on	the	six	of	us	is	our	eyes.”	Cyrus	stopped	growling	as	he	watched	Ky	hand	out
seven	metal	pointed	stars	and	small	cylinders.
Even	 though	 Jack	 knew	 what	 he	 was	 stuffing	 in	 his	 pockets,	 Ky	 said,	 “I	 hope	 your
pitching	 arm	 is	 good.	 Use	 all	 your	 upper-body	 strength	 when	 you	 throw	 it.	 Aim	 for	 the
upper	 arm,	 and	 it	 will	 paralyze	 it.	 The	 minute	 we	 hit	 the	 courtyard,	 set	 off	 your	 smoke
bomb.	 Then	 drop	 to	 the	 ground	 so	 you	 are	 Cyrus’s	 height.	 He	 has	 the	 advantage.	 The
smoke	will	be	waist	high,	giving	us	the	edge.	We	go	for	the	legs,	and	we	have	to	move
fast.	The	smoke	will	last	about	four	to	five	minutes,	then	we	set	off	a	second	round.	The
minute	we	step	outside,	we	have	maybe	thirty	to	forty	seconds	of	shocked	surprise.	That’s
enough	 time	 for	 them	 to	 pull	 their	 guns.	 We	 need	 to	 throw	 the	 stars	 in	 the	 first	 five
seconds.	 Don’t	 worry	 about	 Cyrus.	 To	 them,	 he’s	 just	 a	 dog.	 They	 have	 no	 idea	 what	 a
warrior	he	is,	but	they	will	find	out	soon	enough.	Any	questions?”
No	one	had	any	questions.

“Let’s	do	it!”	Harry	said.
Ky	took	the	lead,	followed	by	Ling	and	Momo.	Then	Harry,	Jack,	and	Cyrus.	And	last
was	Allison,	who	was	speaking	softly	to	Jack.
“Jack,	if	anything	happens	to	me,	get	in	touch	with	Lizzie	and	…”
Jack	reached	out	and	gave	her	arm	a	hard	tug.	“If	you’re	going	into	this	with	a	negative
mind-set,	then	you	need	to	stay	behind.	Decide	right	now!”
“I’m	good,	Jack,”	Allison	whispered.
Ky	opened	the	door	and	all	six	ninjas	stepped	onto	the	porch.
It	all	happened	just	the	way	Ky	said	it	would.	The	only	thing	he	left	out	was	the	shrill
Chinese	shrieks	of	warriors	going	into	battle	and	Cyrus’s	bloodcurdling	barking.	He	also
left	out	the	cursing	that	resonated	in	the	air	from	the	Karas	brothers’	private	army.
“Game	on,”	Harry	said	as	he	threw	out	the	first	star	with	deadly	accuracy.	The	others
followed	 suit,	 the	 sun	 bathing	 the	 stars	 in	 liquid	 silver.	 The	 smoke	 bombs	 went	 off	 in
tandem	as	the	ninjas	leaped	from	the	porch,	then	dropped	low	to	the	ground,	Cyrus	leading
the	way.
The	 ninjas	 rolled	 and	 tucked,	 leaped	 in	 midair,	 legs	 spread,	 taking	 out	 two	 of	 the
security	 team	 at	 once.	 Guns	 came	 into	 play,	 shots	 were	 fired	 randomly,	 the	 shooters
hoping	to	hit	unseen	targets.
The	 second	 wave	 of	 smoke	 bombs	 went	 off.	 Grunts	 and	 curses,	 along	 with	 Cyrus’s
insane	barking,	rivaled	the	noise	level	of	a	rock	concert	in	full	swing.
Suddenly,	 automatic	 fire	 erupted.	 Cyrus	 raced	 off.	 Jack	 heard	 a	 loud	 thump,	 a	 crazy
squeal	of	pain,	another	thump,	then	a	triumphant	bark,	just	as	he	heard	Allison	cry	out.	On
his	hands	and	knees,	Jack	crawled	to	the	sound	just	as	Cyrus	appeared	out	of	the	fog.	“I’m
hit,	Jack,”	Allison	gasped	as	she	struggled	to	breathe.
“Man	down!”	Jack	roared.	“Snowden!”	he	roared	again	so	loud	he	thought	he	had	burst
his	own	eardrums.	“Easy,	stay	with	me,	kiddo,”	Jack	said	as	he	tried	to	assess	the	damage
to	Allison	Bannon.	She	was	gut	shot	and	was	bleeding	out.	“No!”	he	roared	a	third	time.
“Lizzie	…”
“Shut	up!	I	promised	you	nothing	would	happen.	Just	shut	up.	Do	you	hear	me?	Stay
with	me—we’re	going	to	fix	this.”	Jack	moaned	as	Avery	Snowden	pushed	him	out	of	the
way.	Harry	yanked	him	to	his	feet.	He	tottered,	but	Harry	held	tight.
The	 Triad	 appeared	 out	 of	 the	 smoke,	 which	 was	 almost	 gone.	 They	 all	 watched	 as
Avery	and	his	people	scooped	up	Allison	and	raced	for	the	closest	vehicle.
“Goddamn	it	to	hell!”	Jack	cried.
There	didn’t	seem	to	be	anything	to	say	to	that	comment,	so	the	group	remained	silent.
“There’s	work	still	to	be	done;	then	we	have	to	depart	these	premises,”	Ling	said.	Jack
shook	his	head	to	clear	his	thoughts,	knowing	the	mission	wasn’t	over	yet.	There	would	be
time	enough	later	to	deal	with	his	guilt.

“I’m	good,”	Jack	said.
“We	need	to	tether	these	guys,”	Ky	said,	as	the	Triad	rummaged	in	their	many	pockets
for	what	they	needed.	“Hand	to	ankle,”	he	barked.	“Count	the	stars,	make	sure	we	have
them	all,	along	with	the	smoke	casings.	Sooner	or	later,	your	authorities	will	figure	out	it
was	us.	This	is	our	MO.	No	evidence	equals	no	proof	we	were	ever	here.”
It	 took	 barely	 twenty	 minutes	 to	 gather	 all	 the	 evidence,	 stockpile	 the	 guns	 in	 one
massive	 pile,	 and	 drag	 the	 bound	 private	 army	 to	 where	 the	 dismantled	 SUVs	 were
parked.
To	 a	 man,	 they	 each	 looked	 around,	 satisfied	 that	 they	 had	 policed	 the	 area	 to
perfection.	 “They’ll	 talk	 to	 the	 authorities	 to	 save	 their	 own	 skin,	 but	 none	 of	 them	 saw
our	faces,”	Ling	pointed	out.
Harry	looked	at	Jack	for	instructions.	“I	told	you,	I’m	okay.	Time	to	head	inside	to	take
care	of	the	Karas	brothers.”	On	the	veranda,	Jack	didn’t	bother	to	open	the	door,	he	just
kicked	it	open.	Everyone	came	running	from	all	directions,	even	the	Karas	brothers.
Seeing	 the	 black-clad	 ninjas,	 the	 brothers	 tried	 to	 shrink	 against	 the	 wall,	 cowering
together	like	five-year-olds	in	the	dark.
“Your	 army	 is	 all	 tied	 up	 in	 a	 pile	 out	 there,”	 Jack	 said.	 “There’s	 no	 way	 out	 for	 you
two.	We	need	some	information	from	you,	and	we	need	it	now.	We	are	going	to	ask	you
once	and	once	only.”
Jack	looked	around	at	his	team.	“Everyone	out,	head	to	Pinewood.	Harry	and	I	will	take
care	of	this.	I	know	you	want	out	of	here,	Ky,	so	go.	We’ll	meet	you	back	there	once	we
take	 care	 of	 business.	 Oh,	 yeah,	 someone	 needs	 to	 take	 the	 cats	 back	 to	 the	 barn	 before
they	go	crazy.	Dennis,	Ted,	Espinosa,	get	on	it.”
Maggie	lagged	behind.	“Where	…	what	…	?”	Tears	filled	her	eyes.
“Go!”	Jack	barked	as	he	patted	her	back.	“Just	go,	Maggie,”	he	said	gently.
Jack	ripped	at	his	headgear,	as	did	Harry.	They	tossed	them	to	the	floor	and	advanced
on	the	Karas	brothers,	with	Cyrus	following	close	behind	them.
“This	is	as	good	a	place	as	any,”	Jack	said,	“especially	since	it’s	already	a	mess.”
“We	 do	 not	 know	 anything.	 We	 can’t	 help	 you.	 We	 came	 here	 in	 good	 faith	 to	 a
luncheon	to	help	the	countess’s	cause	with	children,”	Ryland	bleated.
“Bullshit!”	Jack	said	as	he	rifled	through	the	folder	Charles	had	handed	him	on	the	way
out.	“See	this	picture!	It’s	your	boss,	Senor	Beteo	Mezaluma.	He’s	on	his	way	to	the	death
circuit.	Your	army	is	all	tied	up	outside,	waiting	for	the	authorities	to	come	for	them.	You
tell	us	what	we	want	to	know,	and	you	can	walk	out	of	here.”	He	looked	over	at	Harry	and
said,	“Get	Abner	back	in	here!”
Harry	 stepped	 to	 the	 door	 and	 bellowed	 for	 Abner,	 who	 stopped	 in	 midsprint	 and
returned	to	the	house.	“What?”
“Show	these	two	gentlemen	all	those	fancy	bank	accounts	they	used	to	have.”
Abner	happily	obliged.	“What	you	are	seeing	on	this	screen	means	you	are	broke.	You

have	no	money	anywhere	in	the	world,	just	as	Senor	Mezaluma	has	no	money.	We	have	it
all!	Billions.	With	a	b.	Take	as	long	as	you	want	to	study	what	you	see	on	the	screen.”
“Things	 are	 looking	 pretty	 bleak	 for	 you	 right	 now,	 guys,	 ”	 Jack	 said.	 “Just	 about	 as
bleak	as	what	Abner	just	told	you	about	your	old	boss,	who	is	no	one’s	boss	any	longer,
and	 his	 financial	 situation	 and	 future	 prospects	 in	 life.	 Would	 you	 like	 to	 place	 bets	 on
how	long	he	lasts	on	the	death	circuit?”	Jack	said.
“No	 more	 designer	 suits,	 no	 more	 silk	 underwear	 or	 gourmet	 food,	 no	 more	 six
hundred–dollar	hairstyles,	no	more	manicures	and	pedicures,	no	more	fine	wine	and	firstclass	travel.	The	only	place	you	will	be	traveling	to	is	on	a	bus	to	a	federal	prison,	where
you	will	be	wearing	an	orange	jumpsuit	with	no	underwear,	cardboard	sandals,	and	your
hair	 will	 be	 in	 a	 ponytail.	 No	 reading	 material,	 and	 certainly,	 there	 will	 be	 no	 classical
music.	Well,	maybe	some	rap	now	and	then.	Now	make	nice	and	tell	my	colleague	what
he	needs	to	hear,”	Harry	said.
Jack	held	up	his	hand.	“Remember,	I	will	ask	only	once.	What	is	the	name	of	the	ship
that	sailed	with	the	last	load	of	children?	When	did	it	leave,	and	what	is	its	destination?
And,	of	course,	the	date	of	arrival.	We	know	you	two	are	the	ones	who	coordinate	all	the
travel	transfer	of	the	kids.”
Ryland	blustered,	“You	obviously	have	us	mixed	up	with	two	other	people.”
Jack	 looked	 at	 Harry.	 “I’m	 taking	 that	 as	 a	 no,	 they	 aren’t	 interested	 in	 helping	 us.
What’s	your	take?”
“I	agree,”	Harry	snarled.
“Okay.	 We	 know	 you’re	 lying,	 so	 …”	 Jack	 turned	 to	 Abner	 and	 told	 him	 to	 leave
because	what	was	about	to	go	down	wasn’t	fit	for	his	eyes	or	ears.	Abner	didn’t	need	to	be
told	twice.	He	ran	as	if	the	hounds	of	hell	were	on	his	trail.
“As	I	was	saying,	you,	Ryland,	love	to	listen	to	classical	music.	Actually,	I	was	told	you
live	for	music	when	you	aren’t	engaged	in	coordinating	the	abduction	of	helpless	children.
Now	that’s	a	fact.	Roland,	I’m	told	you	live	to	read.	Ryland,	we’re	going	to	make	sure	you
never	hear	the	sound	of	music	again	because	we’re	going	to	rupture	your	eardrums.	Harry,
do	his	right	ear.”
“Done!”	Harry	said.	Ryland	roared	in	pain.
“You’re	 up,	 Roland.	 You	 will	 never	 read	 another	 word.”	 Before	 Roland	 could	 take	 a
breath,	Jack	dug	out	one	of	his	eyeballs.	Jack	could	feel	Cyrus’s	warm	breath	on	his	leg.
He	was	panting	heavily.
“No!”	Roland	screeched.	Jack	stuffed	the	eyeball	into	the	palm	of	his	hand.	“I	suppose
you	could	stick	it	back	in,	but	it	won’t	work.”
“What’s	the	name	of	the	ship,	the	destination,	the	arrival	time,	and	how	many	children
on	board?”
“For	God’s	sake,	tell	him	or	I	will,”	Roland	screeched.
“The	Golden	Angel.	It	sailed	out	of	Charleston,	South	Carolina,	bound	for	…	for	Saudi
Arabia.	There	are	240	children	on	board.”

Harry	did	what	he	had	to	do	just	as	Jack	did	what	he	had	to	do.
Afterward,	they	walked	out	of	Annie’s	foyer,	leaving	one	man	with	no	eyeballs	and	a
man	deaf	as	a	stone.	Jack	called	over	his	shoulder,	“I’d	stay	put	if	I	were	you.	Someone
will	come	for	you.	Or	not.”
*	*	*
The	short	ride	back	to	Pinewood	was	made	in	total	silence.
The	huge	coffee	urn	was	on,	but	no	one	seemed	interested.	No	one	seemed	interested	in
talking,	either.
“Jack,	you	need	…	what	…	to	go	upstairs	and	take	a	shower.	You’re	covered	in	blood,”
Maggie	said.
Jack	 nodded	 and	 headed	 for	 the	 back	 staircase.	 Cyrus	 stayed	 behind,	 to	 everyone’s
surprise.	He	took	up	his	position	by	the	sink.
“Where	is	Mr.	Snowden?”	Dennis	asked.
“I	don’t	know,	son,”	Charles	said.
“We	have	to	call	…	someone	to	…	come	for	those	…	creatures.”
“Yes,	we	need	to	do	that.	And	we	will.	Just	as	soon	as	we	get	ourselves	all	situated.	We
need	to	wait	for	Jack.”
Ted	walked	over	to	the	coffeepot,	poured	coffee	into	cups,	then	handed	them	out.
When	Jack	returned	to	the	kitchen,	he	reached	out	for	the	cup	of	coffee	Ted	handed	him.
“The	boys	and	I	need	to	return	to	the	dojo,”	Jack	said.	“They	can’t	be	within	a	mile	of
here	when	the	authorities	show	up.”	Charles	nodded	as	he	watched	the	Triad	remove	all
their	ninja	apparel.	“We’ll	take	it	all	with	us.”
The	Triad	made	the	rounds,	shaking	hands	and	bowing.	Ky	spoke	for	the	others.	“While
the	mission	was	a	success,	we	…	we	lost	a	valiant	warrior.	When	we	return	to	China,	we
will	designate	a	shrine	in	her	name.	Thank	you	again	for	your	hospitality.”
The	Triad	walked	over	to	Cyrus,	who	stood	at	attention.	“Warrior	Cyrus,	you	have	our
deepest	admiration	and	thanks	for	taking	the	lead	on	our	mission.	We	will	also	designate	a
shrine	in	your	name	on	our	return	home.”
Cyrus	yipped	and	held	out	his	paw	to	be	shaken.
“That’s	pretty	strong	stuff,	Cyrus,”	Jack	said.	“Dr.	Pappas	is	going	to	turn	himself	inside
out	when	we	report	in	next	time.”	Cyrus	barked	happily.
“I	guess	we	need	to	clear	out,	too,”	Ted	said.
“Yes.	Once	I	call	this	in	to	the	name	we	sent	the	ledgers	to,	every	alphabet	agency	in	the
District	will	be	out	here,	and	they	will	find	their	way	here	to	Pinewood,	and	to	you,	too,
Jack,	if	those	inhuman	sons	of	bitches	can	describe	you	to	them,	so	you	also	need	to	leave.
“This	 way,	 when	 the	 authorities	 show	 up,	 it’s	 business	 as	 usual.	 Let	 them	 prove
otherwise.	You	sure	now	that	you	policed	the	area,	and	nothing	was	left	behind	to	tie	us	or

the	Triad	into	what	went	down	at	Annie’s	farm?”
“We’re	sure,”	Jack	said.
“Abner	will	stay	behind	here	with	us,”	Charles	said.	“We	need	him	to	bounce	the	call	to
Mr.	Casselli	off	a	satellite.”
Fergus	 made	 fresh	 coffee	 while	 Abner	 worked	 his	 phone	 and	 computer	 in	 tandem.
“Okay,	Phil,	make	it	happen,”	he	said	to	the	person	on	the	other	end	of	the	open	line.	He
handed	the	phone	to	Charles.
“Mr.	Casselli,	Allison	Bannon	asked	me	to	call	you	should	she	get	in	harm’s	way.	I’m
doing	 just	 that.	 She	 said	 to	 tell	 you	 she	 left	 something	 for	 you	 at	 Countess	 de	 Silva’s
country	 estate.	 The	 countess,	 by	 the	 way,	 is	 out	 of	 the	 country	 at	 present.	 She	 said	 you
would	be	able	to	put	two	and	two	together.	It	is	also	my	sad	duty	to	tell	you	that	Agent
Bannon	 was	 shot	 and	 killed	 a	 short	 while	 ago.”	 Charles	 listened,	 then	 said,	 “It’s	 not
important	who	I	am	or	what	my	name	is.	Ms.	Bannon	said	you	were	one	of	the	few	good
guys	left	and	to	speak	with	no	one	but	you,	which	is	what	I	am	doing.”
Abner	ran	his	finger	across	his	throat	to	show	that	Charles	had	to	cut	the	call	or	it	would
be	traced.	“Good-bye,	Mr.	Casselli.”
Fergus	waited	until	Abner	left	before	he	poured	fresh	coffee	for	himself	and	Charles.	“I
feel	terrible,	Charles.”
“I	know.”
“What	should	we	do?”
“Nothing.	Would	you	like	to	play	a	game	of	chess?”
“Might	as	well.”
With	 things	 back	 to	 normal	 and	 the	 house	 quiet,	 Lady	 took	 up	 her	 position	 by	 the
kitchen	door,	her	pups	alongside	her	after	Charles	locked	the	door.
Just	another	day	at	Pinewood.
*	*	*
The	mourners	were	few	in	number,	just	the	gang	and	one	man	standing	off	to	the	side
under	a	tree.	A	light,	misty	rain	was	falling.	There	were	two	dozen	chairs	set	up	under	the
blue	 canopy.	 But	 they	 weren’t	 all	 filled.	 The	 gang	 had	 taken	 a	 vote	 as	 to	 what	 kind	 of
ceremony	would	be	proper.	In	the	end,	they	decided	to	forgo	a	funeral	home	and	a	service,
opting	instead	for	a	nondenominational	minister,	who	said	the	proper	words	for	the	benefit
of	the	three	small	children	sitting	in	the	front	row	at	the	grave	site.
The	service	was	somber	and	short.
Maggie	eyed	the	Springfield	casket.	Polished	bronze.	Top	of	the	line.	She	looked	over
at	 Jack,	 who	 simply	 stared	 ahead.	 She	 wondered	 what	 he	 was	 seeing,	 if	 anything.	 More
than	likely	he	was	remembering	Allison	Bannon	and	his	promise	to	her	that	nothing	was
going	to	happen.	Tears	rolled	down	her	cheeks	as	the	minister	finished	his	eulogy.	One	by
one,	the	mourners	walked	past	the	casket	and	laid	a	white	rose	on	top.
Maggie	 looked	 over	 at	 the	 kids,	 who	 appeared	 dazed.	 She	 remembered	 someone’s

saying	that	they	were	full	of	Benadyrl.	To	keep	them	calm.	After	the	service,	they	were
being	transported	to	Las	Vegas,	where	Lizzie	would	take	over.	She	made	a	mental	note	to
call	Lizzie.	Like	Jack,	she	had	made	a	promise	to	Allison.
Maggie	and	Ted	were	the	last	to	leave	the	grave	site.	“Hold	on,	Ted.	I	want	to	talk	to
that	 man	 over	 there.”	 Before	 Ted	 could	 stop	 her,	 Maggie	 sprinted	 to	 where	 a	 very	 tall,
kind-looking	man	stood.	“Maggie	Spritzer.	I’m	a	reporter	for	the	Post,”	she	said,	holding
out	her	hand.	“I	think	you	might	be	Luka	Casselli.	Am	I	right?”	The	man	nodded.	“Allison
said	you	were	an	honorable	man.	She	trusted	you.	She	confided	in	me.”
“Your	point?”	the	big	man	said.
“Who	 paid	 for	 this	 funeral?	 That’s	 a	 pretty	 pricey	 casket.	 You	 issued	 an	 STK	 on	 her,
and	 yet	 I	 didn’t	 see	 anything	 in	 any	 paper	 except	 our	 own	 about	 what	 she	 did	 for	 your
agency.”
“I	 refused	 to	 issue	 the	 STK.	 I	 quit	 on	 the	 spot.	 I	 paid	 for	 this	 funeral	 out	 of	 my
retirement	fund.	Any	more	questions?”
“Not	a	question.	A	statement.	I	damn	well	hate	you	and	your	people.”
“Totally	understandable,”	the	man	said,	walking	away.	After	taking	two	steps,	he	turned
around	 and	 said,	 “Everything	 isn’t	 always	 black	 or	 white,	 miss.	 Please	 remember	 that.
Perhaps	someday	we	can	talk	about	this.”
“C’mon,	Maggie,	let’s	go	home,”	Ted	said.
“I	don’t	want	to	go	home.	Let’s	go	get	something	to	eat.	I	want	to	come	back	here	after
…	after	they	…	lower	the	casket	into	the	ground.”
“Why?	Do	you	think	someone	is	going	to	run	off	with	the	casket?”
“No.	I	just	want	to	see	it	finished.”
“Then	let’s	just	wait	in	the	car.	I’m	not	hungry.”
“That	works	for	me,”	Maggie	said,	heading	for	the	car.
An	hour	later,	Allison	Bannon’s	grave	was	filled	in.	The	workers	and	their	equipment
had	 been	 loaded	 onto	 a	 pickup	 truck.	 The	 awning	 and	 folding	 chairs	 went	 into	 another
truck,	 with	 a	 tarp	 over	 them.	 Other	 than	 the	 fresh	 earthy	 mound	 of	 dirt	 that	 would
eventually	sink,	it	looked	like	there	never	had	been	a	funeral.
Maggie	ran	as	fast	as	she	could	through	the	rain	with	Ted	following	close	behind.	She
dropped	to	her	knees	in	the	soft	earth	at	the	base	of	the	headstone.	She	traced	the	carved
letters	of	Allison’s	name	with	her	index	finger.	“This	is	not	her	real	birth	date.	The	death
date	is	correct.	Mother	of	Carrie,	Emily,	and	Andy.	That’s	correct,	too.	It	doesn’t	say	wife.
And	do	you	see	what	these	two	letters	are	at	the	base	of	the	stone?	A.T.	What	does	that
mean	to	you,	Ted?”
“I	don’t	have	the	faintest	clue.	I	suppose	you	do.	We’re	getting	soaked	here,	so	spit	it
out,	and	let’s	go	home.”
“A.T,	 Ted.	 A.T	 means	 Agnes	 Twitt.	 Allison	 Bannon	 isn’t	 buried	 here.	 I	 thought	 there
was	something	funny	about	that	Springfield	casket.	Allison	Bannon	is	alive	somewhere,

and	I	betcha	Avery	Snowden	is	behind	it	all.	He	spirited	her	away.	No	one	was	supposed
to	know.	No	one.	Even	Jack,	who	is	taking	the	blame	for	her	death.”
Ted’s	 eyes	 almost	 popped	 out	 of	 his	 head	 as	 he	 stared	 at	 the	 initials	 A.T.	 “Are	 you
sure?”
“Damn	straight	I’m	sure.	Why	else	would	that	guy	Casselli	show	up	here?	To	make	us
all	think	this	is	for	real.	I	bet	he	helped	Snowden	spirit	her	away.	I	know	I’m	right.	I	just
know	it.”
Ted	knew	it,	too.	He	put	his	arm	around	her	shoulder	and	led	her	back	to	the	car.
“Do	you	think	they	fixed	her	pearls,	Ted?	You	know,	they	were	askew.	‘Askew,’	who
uses	words	like	that	nowadays?	Why	didn’t	I	say	‘crooked’	or	use	some	word	other	than
‘askew’?”	Maggie	babbled.
“Let’s	go	get	a	steak	and	a	cold	pitcher	of	beer.	We	can	toast	Agnes	since	no	one	else	is
here	to	do	it.	Does	that	sound	like	a	plan?”
“Okay.	Let’s	get	drunk,	Ted,	and	call	an	Uber	to	take	us	home,	where	we	can	do	other
things.”
“Now	that	is	the	best	and	nicest	thing	you	have	said	all	day.	I.	Am.	Your.	Man.”
*	*	*
The	private	airport	in	Orlando	was	quiet,	with	no	planes	taking	off	or	arriving.	There
was	only	Ky	Moon’s	Gulfstream,	which	was	being	readied	for	takeoff.
Boxes	and	colorful	shopping	bags	littered	the	tarmac	as	the	Triad	approached	the	plane.
The	portable	stairway	was	already	in	place,	and	the	pilot	and	copilot	were	on	board	for	the
long	trip	back	to	China.
Seven	days	had	passed	since	their	arrival,	and	as	with	all	good	things,	they	had	to	end	at
some	 point.	 The	 Triad	 jibber	 jabbered	 on	 about	 how	 they	 had	 reverted	 to	 the	 age	 of	 ten
and	been	kids	again.	Ky	turned	to	the	young	woman	standing	next	to	Momo.	“Thank	you
for	sharing	your	children	with	us	to	enjoy	this	magical	place.	You	were	a	wonderful	tour
guide,	Allison.”
“I	had	as	much	fun	as	you	did.	We	still	have	some	hours	left	before	you	drop	me	off	in
Boise,	Idaho,	to	start	my	new	life.	I’m	a	pretty	wicked	chess	player.	It’s	I	who	should	be
thanking	you.”
“Ladies	 first,”	 Ling	 said,	 motioning	 to	 the	 stairs.	 Allison	 Bannon	 scampered	 up	 the
steps	like	a	sleek	panther.	She	stood	in	the	open	doorway,	her	gaze	searching	for	a	certain
face.	When	she	saw	it,	she	shot	off	a	stiff	salute.
The	man	who	was	the	recipient	of	the	stiff	salute	offered	up	one	in	return.
“Have	a	good	life,	Tea	Pope.	You’ve	earned	it.”

Epilogue
Months	later
	

Cyrus	let	loose	with	a	loud	bark,	then	another.	The	mail	had	just	been	dropped	through
the	mail	slot	on	the	front	door.	“I	hear	it,	Cyrus,”	Jack	said,	getting	up	from	his	chair	at	the
conference	room	table.	“I’ll	get	it;	you	welcome	our	guests.”
Today	was	the	day	the	gang	was	having	their	Christmas	luncheon.	It	was	early	in	the
month,	but	they	had	all	voted	for	this	day	because	this	year,	finally,	they	were	getting	to
take	 a	 vacation.	 It	 had	 taken	 months	 of	 planning	 between	 the	 girls	 and	 themselves,	 but
finally	they	had	managed	to	come	up	with	a	viable	two-week	period	that	was	perfect	for
everyone.
“I	 cannot	 wait	 to	 get	 to	 the	 islands,”	 Maggie	 said,	 her	 teeth	 chattering.	 “I’ve	 been
looking	forward	to	this	since	October.	What’s	for	lunch?”
“It	was	delivered	right	before	the	mail.	Something	for	everyone:	Chinese,	Italian,	ribs,
veggies,	and	cheesecake.	We	have	beer,	wine,	and	soda,	and,	of	course,	coffee,”	Jack	said.
“Before	we	dig	in,	we	need	to	thank	Dennis	for	the	Christmas	tree	he	set	up	and	all	the
decorations	we’ve	been	privy	to	these	past	few	weeks.	He	also	volunteered	to	take	it	all
down	 before	 we	 leave,	 so	 a	 round	 of	 applause	 to	 our	 youngest	 and	 richest	 colleague,
Dennis!”	Jack	said.
The	gang	hooted,	hollered,	whistled,	and	stamped	their	feet,	to	Dennis’s	delight.
Maggie	proceeded	to	hand	out	plates	and	silverware	along	with	napkins.	Ted	poured	the
drinks.
“Anything	in	the	mail	besides	bills?”	Abner	asked.
“I	don’t	know,	let	me	look.	Are	you	expecting	something?”	Jack	asked.
“No.	But	we	don’t	usually	get	bulky	yellow	packages	like	the	one	you	just	got,”	Abner
responded.
Jack	frowned.	It	was	true.	He	should	have	noticed	that,	but	his	thoughts	were	on	his	and
Nikki’s	trip	to	Paris.
Jack	ripped	open	the	envelope.	“Whoa!	What	have	we	here!”
“What?	What?	What?”	the	gang	chorused.
“It’s	from	Tea	Pope.	No	return	address,	and	the	stamp	is	so	blurred	I	can’t	see	where	it
was	sent	from.”
“Well,	what	is	it?”	Maggie	demanded.
“Pictures!	The	kids.	Boy,	they’ve	grown	in	eight	months.	Allison	looks	happier	than	a
pig	in	a	mud	slide.	Look	at	the	little	guy.	The	back	of	the	picture	says	the	cat	he’s	holding
is	Baby	Boo,	but	Baby	Boo	turned	out	to	be	Baby	Booette,	and	they	now	have	six	kittens
that	Andy	takes	care	of.	Emily	has	two	rabbits,	and	she	named	them	Maggie	and	Dennis.
Carrie	has	two	springer	spaniels	named	Jack	and	Harry.”

“They	look	so	happy,”	Maggie	said,	tears	rolling	down	her	cheeks.
There	wasn’t	a	dry	eye	in	the	room	when	Jack	read	the	short	note,	which	the	kids	had
signed,	along	with	Tea.
Abner	was	the	last	at	the	table	to	handle	the	pictures,	which	he	returned	to	the	mailing
envelope.	“I	do	have	a	question,	guys.	Don’t	go	getting	uppity	at	the	term	guys,	Maggie.
You	are	one	of	the	guys,	and	you	know	it.	Phil	wants	to	know	what	you	guys	want	him	to
do	with	all	that	money	he	squirreled	away	for	all	of	us.”
“To	be	decided,”	Charles	said.	“We	did	do	what	Allison	wanted	us	to	do	with	Lizzie’s
help,	which	is	to	help	in	the	war	to	save	and	work	for	missing	and	exploited	children.	We
donated	every	cent.	It	won’t	eliminate	what’s	going	on,	but	it	will	put	a	serious	dent	in	the
operation.	 A	 new	 hydra	 will	 rear	 up	 sooner	 rather	 than	 later.	 That’s	 when	 we	 can	 delve
into	all	that	other	money	and	make	it	work.
“Lizzie	told	me	that,	on	Allison’s	instructions,	she	sent	a	bucket	load	of	money	to	Luka
Casselli.	Anonymously,	of	course.	She	told	him	where	it	came	from,	and	he	didn’t	have	a
bit	 of	 trouble	 accepting	 it.	 He’s	 retired	 on	 some	 island	 that	 has	 no	 phones	 and	 no
electricity.	He	lives	with	candles	and	propane.	Fishes	for	his	food,	has	a	garden,	and	has
learned	how	to	cook,”	Charles	said.
“Who	 should	 we	 toast?”	 Fergus	 asked	 as	 he	 poured	 champagne	 into	 funny-looking
paper	cups.
“I	know!	I	know!”	Maggie	squealed.
“Who?”
“Now	 who	 do	 you	 think?	 Agnes	 Twitt,	 Alfred	 Saddlebury,	 Chester	 Mason,	 Sasha
Yakodowsky,	and	Benjamin	Franks!”
There	was	no	laughter,	no	jocularity	but	there	were	wet	eyes	as	the	funny	paper	cups
were	raised	high	in	the	air.	Instead,	Dennis	said	simply:
“Rest	in	peace.”

Be	sure	not	to	miss	Fern	Michaels’s	bestselling	Godmothers	series,	including
	
CLASSIFIED
	
A	LIFE	FILLED	WITH	RICHES
	
The	riches	that	mean	most	to	Teresa	“Toots”	
Loudenberry	are	the	loving	friends	and	family	
she’s	accumulated	over	the	course	of	a	life	
well	lived.	And	now	that	her	daughter,	Abby,	
has	married	her	beau	Chris	and	settled	down	
near	Toots	in	Charleston,	life	is	even	more	sat-	
isfying	than	the	delicious	pralines	sold	at	
Toots’s	bakery,	The	Sweetest	Thing.
	
Abby	isn’t	the	only	one	enjoying	a	little	
romance.	Toots’s	friendship	with	Dr.	Phil	
Becker	has	grown	unexpectedly	close	…	and	
that	brings	both	joy	and	complications.	As	a	
distraction,	Toots	throws	herself	into	helping	
Abby	and	Chris	open	an	animal	rescue	shelter	
on	their	estate.	But	life	takes	a	serious	turn	
when	two	young	children	disappear	after	
visiting	The	Sweetest	Thing.	Toots	
immediately	enlists	Ida,	Sophie,	and	Mavis	to	
help	in	the	search.	As	they	draw	closer	to	the	
culprits,	they	realize	the	stakes	are	much	
higher	than	they	ever	could	have	imagined	…
	
A	Kensington	trade	paperback	and	
eBook	on	sale	in	August	2018.	
Keep	reading	for	a	special	look!

“Simpson	…	No,	I	meant	Clay,”	Abby	said	more	to	herself	than	to	the	FedEx	guy	who
waited	as	she	signed	for	the	delivery.	He	raised	his	brow	in	question.
“I’m	 recently	 married,”	 she	 explained.	 Well,	 not	 that	 recently.	 They’d	 just	 celebrated
their	first	wedding	anniversary	last	month.
“Congratulations,”	the	FedEx	guy	said	before	taking	his	computerized	clipboard	from
her	before	jogging	back	to	his	delivery	truck.
Must	have	a	lot	of	deliveries,	Abby	thought	as	she	struggled	to	drag	the	large	box	inside
the	 front	 corridor	 of	 her	 new	 digs,	 though	 one	 could	 hardly	 call	 this	 twelve-thousandsquare-foot	mansion	“digs.”	The	old	plantation	home	had	been	in	Chris’s	family	for	over
two	hundred	years.	Her	mother	had	lived	here	briefly	when	she	was	married	to	Garland,
Chris’s	 father,	 who	 was	 her	 mother’s	 fourth	 husband,	 Abby	 believed,	 but	 she	 hardly
remembered	 the	 plantation.	 She’d	 been	 in	 her	 first	 year	 of	 high	 school	 when	 they	 had
moved	 here	 and	 had	 spent	 more	 time	 hanging	 out	 with	 her	 girlfriends	 than	 she	 had	 at
home.	Garland	Clay	hadn’t	lived	very	long	after	marrying	her	mother—poor	old	soul—but
he’d	been	a	kind	and	decent	stepfather.	Her	mother	said	that	he	was	her	second	favorite
out	of	her	eight	husbands—the	first,	of	course,	being	Abby’s	father,	John	Simpson.	Abby
didn’t	really	have	too	many	memories	of	him.	He’d	been	killed	in	a	car	crash	when	she
was	 five.	 Her	 mom	 had	 hired	 Bernice	 as	 an	 assistant/housekeeper/	 baby-sitter,	 and	 later
the	 two	 women	 had	 become	 the	 best	 of	 friends.	 They’d	 moved	 from	 New	 Jersey	 to
Charleston.	 Abby	 had	 spent	 most	 of	 her	 life	 in	 the	 South,	 save	 for	 the	 few	 years	 she’d
spent	 living	 in	 Los	 Angeles.	 She	 still	 had	 her	 little	 ranch	 house	 in	 Brentwood,	 though
she’d	recently	rented	it	out	to	a	young	couple	who’d	just	had	a	baby.	A	little	boy,	if	her
memory	served	her	right.
Her	life	had	been	running	at	maximum	velocity	since	she	and	Chris	married	last	April.
After	being	kidnapped	by	Rag,	Rodwell	Archibald	Godfrey,	the	former	owner	of,	and	her
boss	 at,	 The	Informer,	 Abby’s	 passion	 for	 tabloid	 news	 had	 fizzled	 like	 stale	 ginger	 ale
when	she	became	the	news	herself.	Though	she	still	had	a	hand	in	the	inner	workings	of
the	 paper,	 Abby’s	 heart	 wasn’t	 in	 the	 business	 anymore.	 Not	 just	 because	 she	 knew	 her
mother	had	secretly	purchased	the	paper,	when	Abby	told	her	they	were	about	to	go	under.
No,	it	was	more	than	that:	The	chase.	The	interviews.	And,	even	more	than	anything,	the
shallowness	of	what	she	actually	wrote	about	had	jumped	up	and	kicked	her	between	the
eyes.	It	wasn’t	important.	Any	way	you	looked	at	it,	it	was	simply	silly	trivia.	It	just	didn’t
matter	 in	 the	 grand	 scheme	 of	 things,	 such	 as	 hunger,	 war,	 and	 natural	 disasters.
Entertainment	it	was,	but	Abby	had	to	admit—though	she	would	never	voice	the	thoughts
out	 loud,	 especially	 to	 her	 mother,	 whose	 love	 of	 the	 tabloids	 hadn’t	 decreased	 one	 bit
since	her	abduction—most	of	it	was	exaggerated.	Half-truths,	actors’	and	actresses’	lives
pumped	up	to	appear	as	though	they	were	the	chosen	ones.	Life	was	perfect	if	you	were
lucky	enough,	smart	enough,	and	had	the	talent	to	achieve	the	glorified	interpretation	of
what	it	was	like	to	live	the	life	of	a	celebrity	in	Hollywood.	When	speaking	to	or	writing
about	an	actor	or	actress,	Abby	always	had	to	remind	herself	to	be	politically	correct	when
using	those	words,	as	they	were	gender	specific.	According	to	her	writings,	and	those	of	a
hundred	others,	to	have	the	opportunity	to	glimpse	the	life	of	a	celebrity	from	the	inside
was	quite	exhilarating,	and	those	who	were	granted	an	inside	peek	were	also	privileged.

She’d	 had	 that	 attitude	 from	 the	 time	 she	 was	 a	 little	 girl,	 no	 doubt	 something	 inherited
from	 her	 mother.	 Not	 any	 longer.	 Though	 writing	 was	 in	 her	 blood,	 and	 the	 desire	 to
continue	to	do	so	would	always	be	a	part	of	her,	she	didn’t	care	about	Hollywood	and	all
the	glitz	and	glamour.	Those	few	hours	spent	locked	away	in	that	awful,	hot,	dark	closet
had	opened	her	eyes.	She’d	made	a	promise	to	herself	then.	If	she	survived,	she	was	going
to	take	life	more	seriously.	And	she	had,	she	thought	as	she	pushed	and	shoved	the	heavy
box	down	the	long	corridor	that	led	to	the	kitchen.	For	the	past	six	months,	much	to	her
mother	 and	 godmothers’	 delight,	 she’d	 spent	 every	 waking	 moment	 decorating	 and
refurnishing	the	Clay	Plantation.	Inside	the	heavy	box	was	an	antique	oak	bench	from	a
church	in	southern	Georgia,	which	dated	back	to	the	early	nineteenth	century.	Her	mother
had	insisted	she	purchase	it	for	the	kitchen;	Toots	told	Abby	that	someday	she	would	have
children,	and	this	bench	would	be	the	most	perfect	place	for	them	to	sit	if	they	were	being
punished.	 Abby	 had	 laughed,	 but	 secretly,	 she	 agreed.	 She	 imagined	 a	 towheaded	 little
boy,	with	scraped	knees	and	soulful	blue	eyes,	begging	her	just	to	let	him	play	one	more
round	of	Mario	Brothers	before	he	went	to	bed.	And	maybe	a	little	girl	with	wispy	curls
and	pillowy	cheeks	sticking	her	tongue	out	when	she	thought	her	mother	wasn’t	looking.
Shit!
“The	heat	is	getting	to	me,”	she	said	to	herself	as	she	ripped	the	packing	tape	off	the	top
of	the	box.	Hundreds	of	Styrofoam	pieces	shaped	like	peanuts	scattered	across	the	newly
shellacked	 oak	 floor.	 She	 heard	 Chester,	 her	 dog-child,	 who	 just	 so	 happened	 to	 be	 a
German	 shepherd,	 making	 his	 entrance	 as	 his	 nails	 clicked	 against	 the	 floor.	 He	 trotted
across	the	large	room	to	see	what	all	the	commotion	was	about.
“Ruff!”	Chester	barked	softly.	Abby	knew	this	as	his	“I’m	just	curious”	bark.
She	reached	across	the	bench	she’d	hefted	out	of	its	carton	to	scratch	Chester	between
the	ears.	“According	to	Mom,	this	thing	here”—she	knocked	on	the	bench	for	emphasis
—“is	going	to	be	something	of	a	discipline	seat.”
The	 big	 shepherd	 tilted	 his	 head	 to	 the	 left,	 contemplating	 her	 words	 as	 though	 they
were	pearls	of	wisdom	fallen	from	the	heavens.
“I	don’t	get	it,	either,	but	it	is	what	it	is,”	Abby	said	as	she	continued	to	remove	bits	and
pieces	of	plastic	wrap	and	little	balls	of	Styrofoam	from	the	antique	bench.	She	did	get	it,
she	thought,	but	she	wasn’t	quite	ready	to	say	the	words	out	loud.	She	needed	to	give	them
time	to	percolate	in	her	brain,	then	bubble	and	simmer	a	bit	before	she	actually	said	them
out	loud.	And	to	Chris,	she	couldn’t	forget	him.	He	was	her	husband.	Just	the	thought	of
him	 made	 her	 grin	 from	 ear	 to	 ear.	 Her	 fondest	 wish	 had	 come	 true,	 and	 here	 she	 was
actually	 living	 smack-dab	 in	 the	 middle	 of	 what	 she	 once	 thought	 to	 be	 an	 impossible
dream.	 She	 and	 Chris	 had	 married,	 and	 their	 life,	 so	 far,	 had	 been	 one	 helluva	 blast.
Though	 she	 sometimes	 missed	 Los	 Angeles	 and	 the	 excitement,	 it	 never	 lasted	 long
enough	to	have	an	effect	on	her.	Her	life	in	Charleston	was	as	close	to	perfect	as	one	could
get.	At	least	she	thought	so.
“Ruff,	ruff!”
Apparently,	Chester	agreed.	“It’s	a	cool	place	to	be,	Chester.”
Again,	the	dog	barked,	in	complete	agreement.

Chester	 now	 possessed	 acres	 and	 acres	 of	 land	 to	 run	 on,	 and	 zillions	 of	 squirrels	 to
chase.	Plus,	who	knew	what	lurked	beneath	the	dark	water	of	the	pond	just	south	of	the
main	 house?	 Abby	 still	 had	 a	 hard	 time	 referring	 to	 her	 house	 as	 the	 main	 house.	 It
dredged	up	memories	of	times	that	were	best	forgotten.	Yes,	this	was	a	plantation	home,
she	knew,	but	she	hated	to	think	of	it	as	a	place	that	had	once	housed	slaves.	No	way,	not
now.	 A	 dozen	 small	 buildings	 that	 once	 housed	 the	 many	 slaves	 and	 their	 families	 were
situated	where	you	couldn’t	actually	view	them	from	the	main	house,	but	Abby	knew	they
were	there.	Chris	didn’t	like	them,	either,	but	he	wouldn’t	tear	them	down,	because	they
were	part	of	his	historic	home.	Together,	they	hoped	to	put	the	buildings	to	good	use.
She	 and	 Chris	 had	 discussed	 it	 at	 great	 length,	 and	 both	 agreed	 they	 wanted	 to	 help
those	in	need.	With	the	$10	million	she’d	received	from	her	mother	as	a	wedding	gift,	plus
the	 monumental	 inheritance	 Chris	 had	 received	 when	 they	 married,	 they	 had	 way	 more
than	 enough	 funds	 to	 work	 with.	 Chris	 took	 care	 of	 the	 documentation	 they	 needed	 to
establish	 a	 nonprofit	 foundation.	 All	 they	 needed	 now	 were	 volunteers,	 and	 they	 could
begin.	She	planned	to	get	her	mother	and	the	three	g’s	to	the	table	and	share	the	idea	with
them.	Of	course,	her	mother	would	start	asking	10	zillion	questions	about	her	and	Chris’s
plans	 for	 a	 family,	 and	 she	 would	 tell	 her	 they	 had	 all	 the	 time	 in	 the	 world	 to	 start	 a
family.	Well,	maybe	not	all	the	time	in	the	world.	She	wasn’t	getting	any	younger.
Abby	grinned.	Why	did	her	thoughts	continue	to	stray	down	this	path?	It	must	be	the
bench	 and	 her	 mother’s	 suggestion,	 she	 thought,	 as	 she	 continued	 to	 ball	 up	 the	 plastic
wrap	and	toss	it	aside.
Being	only	children	themselves,	both	she	and	Chris	wanted	a	large	family,	but	neither
had	pinned	down	a	certain	time.	Abby	figured,	if	it	happened,	fine;	if	not,	then	that	was
fine,	too.	Frankly,	she	thought	at	her	age	she’d	probably	have	to	go	the	in	vitro	route,	and
she	would	if	it	were	needed.	But	until	then,	she	planned	to	enjoy	the	privileges	of	married
life.	Often	and	heartily.	She	shivered	at	the	thought.
Chris	was	all	she’d	ever	dreamed	of,	and	then	some.	Sometimes	she	still	felt	like	this
was	a	dream	and	she	would	wake	up,	back	in	Brentwood,	with	Chester	nuzzling	her	neck.
The	 image	 brought	 forth	 a	 toothy	 grin.	 Yeah,	 Chester	 would	 always	 be	 her	 main	 man.
He’d	practically	saved	her	life;	and	for	that,	she	loved	him	even	more.	The	big	dog	had
become	quite	attached	to	Chris	in	the	past	few	months.	There	were	many	mornings	when
Abby	 awakened,	 only	 to	 find	 she’d	 been	 deserted	 by	 her	 hubby	 and	 her	 best	 friend.	 My
boys,	she	thought	as	she	wiggled	the	bench	over	to	a	large	rug.
Once	she	had	the	bench	properly	positioned	on	the	rug,	she	pulled	the	rug	slowly	to	the
kitchen,	 careful	 not	 to	 tip	 the	 bench	 on	 its	 side.	 Once	 she	 had	 it	 in	 place,	 she	 took	 her
iPhone	from	her	pocket	and	snapped	a	quick	picture,	sending	it	to	her	mother’s	cell	phone.
Her	 mother	 was	 a	 pro	 when	 it	 came	 to	 decorating,	 and	 she	 truly	 appreciated	 all	 of	 her
suggestions.
Seconds	later	she	heard	a	ping	coming	from	her	cell	phone.	Her	mother.	The	message:
Perfect.	Needs	occupants.
Abby	 grinned.	 Since	 she	 and	 Chris	 had	 gotten	 married,	 her	 mother	 and	 godmothers
never	missed	an	opportunity	to	let	her	know	they	would	love	a	grandchild.	Abby	texted
back:	In	due	time.

Her	mother’s	response:	Only	takes	nine	months.
She	quickly	replied:	I’ll	tell	Chris.	We	so	enjoy	the	practice!!!	That	was	sure	to	keep	her
mother	quiet	for	a	few	minutes.
Chris	needs	to	spend	more	time	with	you,	Toots	texted	back.
Abby’s	fingers	raced	across	the	touch	screen:	Enough,	Mom.	I	mean	it.	She	added	three
smiley	faces,	just	so	her	mother	would	know	her	text	message	wasn’t	meant	to	be	sharp.
Actually,	Abby	didn’t	mind	her	mother’s	constant	urging,	but	it	just	seemed	like	that’s	all
she	and	the	three	g’s	talked	about	since	she	and	Chris	had	gotten	married.	Well,	that	and
the	redecorating,	plus	Sophie	and	Goebel’s	plans	for	the	future,	Ida’s	conceit,	Mavis’s	love
life,	 and	 Bernice’s	 main	 man,	 Robert,	 who	 was	 obsessed	 with	 finding	 new	 recipes.	 Her
mother	 was	 careful	 to	 keep	 her	 and	 Phil’s	 relationship	 to	 herself,	 telling	 them	 it	 was	 no
one’s	business.	They	had	all	agreed	to	leave	it	alone	for	the	time	being.
Chester	chose	that	very	moment	to	jump	on	his	hind	legs	and	scratch	at	the	back	door.
“Hey,	pal,	what’s	this?	You’ve	got	that	fancy	doggie	door	Chris	installed	if	you	need	to	go
out.”
Curious	to	see	what	Chester	was	so	anxious	about,	she	peered	through	the	small	pane	of
glass	above	the	door.
What	she	saw	caused	her	to	laugh	out	loud.

ABOUT	THE	AUTHOR
FERN	MICHAELS	 is	 the	 USA	Today	 and	 New	 York	 Times	 bestselling	 author	 of	 the
Sisterhood,	Men	of	the	Sisterhood,	and	Godmothers	series,	and	dozens	of	other	novels	and
novellas.	 There	 are	 over	 ninety-five	 million	 copies	 of	 her	 books	 in	 print.	 Fern	 Michaels
has	built	and	funded	several	large	day-care	centers	in	her	hometown,	and	is	a	passionate
animal	 lover	 who	 has	 outfitted	 police	 dogs	 across	 the	 country	 with	 special	 bulletproof
vests.	 She	 shares	 her	 home	 in	 South	 Carolina	 with	 her	 four	 dogs	 and	 a	 resident	 ghost
named	Mary	Margaret.
Visit	her	website	at	fernmichaels.com.

FATE	&	FORTUNE
	
Dear	Reader,
I’ve	been	lucky	enough	to	share	my	stories	with	you	for	over	forty	years,	and	those
first	books	occupy	a	special	place	in	my	heart.	Vixen	in	Velvet	and	Whitefire	are	two
of	 my	 earliest	 stories,	 and	 I	 am	 so	 happy	 to	 have	 this	 chance	 to	 introduce	 them	 to
new	readers.
	
VIXEN	IN	VELVET
Beautiful,	well-bred	Victoria	Rawlings	sees	only	one	way	to	avoid	an	arranged	marriage
—switching	places	with	a	tavern	maid.	Her	daring	scheme	leads	her	to	Marcus	Chancelor,
who,	 like	 Tori,	 is	 not	 what	 he	 seems.	 The	 handsome	 American	 secretly	 poses	 as	 a
highwayman	to	support	a	besieged	colony.	Once	their	identities	are	unmasked,	will	Tori
seize	a	chance	at	happiness,	far	beyond	the	safety	she’s	known?
	
WHITEFIRE
Katerina	 Vaschenko	 seeks	 vengeance	 against	 the	 marauders	 who	 destroyed	 her	 village
and	 stole	 her	 priceless	 horses	 for	 the	 mad	 czar.	 But	 she	 never	 dreamed	 that	 her	 sworn
enemy	the	Mongol	prince	would	be	the	one	to	aid	her	quest.	Or	that	together,	they	would
forge	a	destiny	as	magnificent	as	the	land	that	is	their	glorious	heritage….

BREAKING	NEWS
The	best	of	friends,	Toots,	Ida,	Mavis,	and	Sophie	have	been	there	for	each	other	through
thick	and	thin	…
	
Life	Is	Full	of	Surprises
Teresa	“Toots”	Amelia	Loudenberry	has	her	quirks,	
but	no	one	would	ever	question	her	loyalty.	So	it’s	
no	surprise	when	Toots	decides	to	extend	her	stay	in	
Charleston	to	help	care	for	her	ailing	housekeeper.
	
Though	the	Charleston	air	is	drenched	with	azalea	
and	honeysuckle,	and	there’s	always	a	pitcher	of	
sweet	tea	close	to	hand,	the	ladies	have	little	time	for	
relaxing.	Ida’s	new	line	of	cosmetics	is	about	to	
launch,	and	Toots,	Mavis,	and	Sophie	are	relishing	
new	careers	as	models.	And	Abby,	Toots’s	daughter,	
is	getting	hitched.	In	the	middle	of	so	much	change,	
Toots	is	almost	too	busy	to	notice	her	own	
unexpected	romance.	After	eight	husbands,	she’s	
sworn	never	to	get	involved	again.	But	fate—and	
her	friends—may	have	other	plans.	And	every	
godmother,	fairy	or	otherwise,	loves	a	story	
that	ends	with	happily-ever-after	…

SWEET	VENGEANCE
#1	New	York	Times	bestselling	author	Fern	
Michaels’s	new	novel	is	a	deeply	satisfying	and	
uplifting	story	of	one	woman’s	journey	from	
heartbreak	to	triumph.
	
Tessa	Jamison	couldn’t	have	imagined	anything	
worse	than	losing	her	beloved	twin	girls	and	
husband—until	she	was	convicted	of	their	murder.	
For	ten	years,	she	has	counted	off	the	days	in	
Florida’s	Correctional	Center	for	Women,	fully	
expecting	to	die	behind	bars.	Fighting	to	prove	her	
innocence	holds	little	appeal	now	that	her	family’s	
gone.	But	on	one	extraordinary	day,	her	lawyers	
announce	that	Tessa’s	conviction	has	been	
overturned	due	to	a	technicality,	and	she’s	released	
on	bail	to	await	a	new	trial.
	
Hounded	by	the	press,	Tessa	retreats	to	the	small	
tropical	island	owned	by	her	late	husband’s	
pharmaceutical	company.	There,	she	begins	to	
gather	knowledge	about	her	case.	For	the	first	time	
since	her	nightmare	began,	Tessa	feels	a	sense	of	
purpose	in	working	to	finally	expose	the	truth	and	
avenge	her	lost	family.
	
One	by	one,	the	guilty	will	be	led	to	justice,	and	
Tessa	can	gain	closure.	But	will	she	be	able	to	
learn	the	truth	at	last	…	and	reclaim	her	freedom	
and	her	future?

